---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_argus_instance Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Argus instance data source schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_argus_instance (Data Source)

Argus instance data source schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_argus_instance" "example" {
  project_id  = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  instance_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) The Argus instance ID.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.

### Read-Only

- `acl` (Set of String) The access control list for this instance. Each entry is an IP address range that is permitted to access, in CIDR notation.
- `alert_config` (Attributes) Alert configuration for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config))
- `alerting_url` (String) Specifies Alerting URL.
- `dashboard_url` (String) Specifies Argus instance dashboard URL.
- `grafana_initial_admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Specifies an initial Grafana admin password.
- `grafana_initial_admin_user` (String) Specifies an initial Grafana admin username.
- `grafana_public_read_access` (Boolean) If true, anyone can access Grafana dashboards without logging in.
- `grafana_url` (String) Specifies Grafana URL.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal data source. ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`instance_id`".
- `is_updatable` (Boolean) Specifies if the instance can be updated.
- `jaeger_traces_url` (String)
- `jaeger_ui_url` (String)
- `logs_push_url` (String) Specifies URL for pushing logs.
- `logs_url` (String) Specifies Logs URL.
- `metrics_push_url` (String) Specifies URL for pushing metrics.
- `metrics_retention_days` (Number) Specifies for how many days the raw metrics are kept.
- `metrics_retention_days_1h_downsampling` (Number) Specifies for how many days the 1h downsampled metrics are kept. must be less than the value of the 5m downsampling retention. Default is set to `0` (disabled).
- `metrics_retention_days_5m_downsampling` (Number) Specifies for how many days the 5m downsampled metrics are kept. must be less than the value of the general retention. Default is set to `0` (disabled).
- `metrics_url` (String) Specifies metrics URL.
- `name` (String) The name of the Argus instance.
- `otlp_traces_url` (String)
- `parameters` (Map of String) Additional parameters.
- `plan_id` (String) The Argus plan ID.
- `plan_name` (String) Specifies the Argus plan. E.g. `Monitoring-Medium-EU01`.
- `targets_url` (String) Specifies Targets URL.
- `zipkin_spans_url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config`

Read-Only:

- `global` (Attributes) Global configuration for the alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--global))
- `receivers` (Attributes List) List of alert receivers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers))
- `route` (Attributes) The route for the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--route))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--global"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.global`

Read-Only:

- `opsgenie_api_key` (String) The API key for OpsGenie.
- `opsgenie_api_url` (String) The host to send OpsGenie API requests to. Must be a valid URL
- `resolve_timeout` (String) ResolveTimeout is the default value used by alertmanager if the alert does not include EndsAt, after this time passes it can declare the alert as resolved if it has not been updated. This has no impact on alerts from Prometheus, as they always include EndsAt.
- `smtp_auth_identity` (String) SMTP authentication information. Must be a valid email address
- `smtp_auth_password` (String) SMTP Auth using LOGIN and PLAIN.
- `smtp_auth_username` (String) SMTP Auth using CRAM-MD5, LOGIN and PLAIN. If empty, Alertmanager doesn't authenticate to the SMTP server.
- `smtp_from` (String) The default SMTP From header field. Must be a valid email address
- `smtp_smart_host` (String) The default SMTP smarthost used for sending emails, including port number. Port number usually is 25, or 587 for SMTP over TLS (sometimes referred to as STARTTLS).


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers`

Read-Only:

- `email_configs` (Attributes List) List of email configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--email_configs))
- `name` (String) Name of the receiver.
- `opsgenie_configs` (Attributes List) List of OpsGenie configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--opsgenie_configs))
- `webhooks_configs` (Attributes List) List of Webhooks configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--webhooks_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--email_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.email_configs`

Read-Only:

- `auth_identity` (String) SMTP authentication information. Must be a valid email address
- `auth_password` (String) SMTP authentication password.
- `auth_username` (String) SMTP authentication username.
- `from` (String) The sender email address. Must be a valid email address
- `smart_host` (String) The SMTP host through which emails are sent.
- `to` (String) The email address to send notifications to. Must be a valid email address


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--opsgenie_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.opsgenie_configs`

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (String) The API key for OpsGenie.
- `api_url` (String) The host to send OpsGenie API requests to. Must be a valid URL
- `tags` (String) Comma separated list of tags attached to the notifications.


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--webhooks_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.webhooks_configs`

Read-Only:

- `ms_teams` (Boolean) Microsoft Teams webhooks require special handling, set this to true if the webhook is for Microsoft Teams.
- `url` (String) The endpoint to send HTTP POST requests to. Must be a valid URL



<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.route`

Read-Only:

- `receiver` (String) The name of the receiver to send the alert to.
