---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_cdn_distribution Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CDN distribution data source schema.
  ~> This datasource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our guide https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources for how to opt-in to use beta resources.
---

# stackit_cdn_distribution (Data Source)

CDN distribution data source schema.

~> This datasource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our [guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources) for how to opt-in to use beta resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_cdn_distribution" "example" {
  project_id      = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  distribution_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `distribution_id` (String) STACKIT project ID associated with the distribution
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID associated with the distribution

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) The distribution configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `created_at` (String) Time when the distribution was created
- `domains` (Attributes List) List of configured domains for the distribution (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domains))
- `errors` (List of String) List of distribution errors
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource identifier. It is structured as "`project_id`,`distribution_id`".
- `status` (String) Status of the distribution
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the distribution was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `blocked_countries` (List of String) The configured countries where distribution of content is blocked

Read-Only:

- `backend` (Attributes) The configured backend for the distribution (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--backend))
- `optimizer` (Attributes) Configuration for the Image Optimizer. This is a paid feature that automatically optimizes images to reduce their file size for faster delivery, leading to improved website performance and a better user experience. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--optimizer))
- `redirects` (Attributes) A wrapper for a list of redirect rules that allows for redirect settings on a distribution (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redirects))
- `regions` (List of String) The configured regions where content will be hosted
- `waf` (Attributes) Configuration of the Web Application Firewall (WAF) for the distribution. Removing this block from your configuration will completely disable the WAF. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--waf))

<a id="nestedatt--config--backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backend`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_url` (String) The URL of the bucket (e.g. https://s3.example.com). Required if type is 'bucket'.
- `geofencing` (Map of List of String) The configured type http to configure countries where content is allowed. A map of URLs to a list of countries
- `origin_request_headers` (Map of String) The configured type http origin request headers for the backend
- `origin_url` (String) The configured backend type http for the distribution
- `region` (String) The region where the bucket is hosted. Required if type is 'bucket'.
- `type` (String) The configured backend type. Possible values are: `http`, `bucket`.


<a id="nestedatt--config--optimizer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.optimizer`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--config--redirects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redirects`

Read-Only:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of redirect rules. The order of rules matters for evaluation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redirects--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--config--redirects--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redirects.rules`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) An optional description for the redirect rule
- `enabled` (Boolean) A toggle to enable or disable the redirect rule. Default to true
- `matchers` (Attributes List) A list of matchers that define when this rule should apply. At least one matcher is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redirects--rules--matchers))
- `rule_match_condition` (String) Defines how multiple matchers within this rule are combined (ALL, ANY, NONE). Defaults to ANY.
- `status_code` (Number) The HTTP status code for the redirect. Must be one of 301, 302, 303, 307, or 308.
- `target_url` (String) The target URL to redirect to. Must be a valid URI

<a id="nestedatt--config--redirects--rules--matchers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redirects.rules.matchers`

Read-Only:

- `value_match_condition` (String) Defines how multiple matchers within this rule are combined (ALL, ANY, NONE). Defaults to ANY.
- `values` (List of String) A list of glob patterns to match against the request path. At least one value is required. Examples: "/shop/*" or "*/img/*"




<a id="nestedatt--config--waf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.waf`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_http_methods` (List of String) Restricts which HTTP methods the distribution accepts. If provided, the list must contain at least one item. If omitted, the API applies the following defaults: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
- `allowed_http_versions` (List of String) Restricts which HTTP protocol versions are accepted. If provided, the list must contain at least one item. If omitted, the API applies the following defaults: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`, `HTTP/2`, `HTTP/2.0`.
- `allowed_request_content_types` (List of String) Restricts which Content-Type headers are accepted in request bodies. If provided, the list must contain at least one item. If omitted, the API applies the following defaults: `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`, `multipart/form-data`, `multipart/related`, `text/xml`, `application/xml`, `application/soap+xml`, `application/x-amf`, `application/json`, `application/octet-stream`, `application/csp-report`, `application/xss-auditor-report`, `text/plain`.
- `disabled_rule_collection_ids` (List of String) List of WAF Collection IDs explicitly disabled. Can be set to an empty list to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups, and Groups override Collections. To view available rule collections, please consult the API documentation: https://internal-docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `disabled_rule_group_ids` (List of String) List of WAF Rule Group IDs explicitly disabled. Can be set to an empty list to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups, and Groups override Collections. To view available rule groups, please consult the API documentation: https://internal-docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `disabled_rule_ids` (List of String) List of WAF rule IDs explicitly disabled. Can be set to an empty list to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups, and Groups override Collections. For example, an explicitly disabled Rule ID takes precedence over an enabled Group ID. To view available rules, please consult the API documentation: https://internal-docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `enabled_rule_collection_ids` (List of String) List of WAF Collection IDs explicitly enabled. Can be set to an empty list to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups, and Groups override Collections. To view available rule collections, please consult the API documentation: https://internal-docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `enabled_rule_group_ids` (List of String) List of WAF Rule Group IDs explicitly enabled. Can be set to an empty list to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups, and Groups override Collections. To view available rule groups, please consult the API documentation: https://internal-docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `enabled_rule_ids` (List of String) List of WAF rule IDs explicitly enabled. Can be set to an empty list to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups, and Groups override Collections. For example, an explicitly enabled Rule ID takes precedence over a disabled Group ID. To view available rules, please consult the API documentation: https://internal-docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `log_only_rule_collection_ids` (List of String) List of WAF Collection IDs explicitly marked as Log Only. Can be set to an empty list to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups, and Groups override Collections. To view available rule collections, please consult the API documentation: https://internal-docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `log_only_rule_group_ids` (List of String) List of WAF Rule Group IDs explicitly marked as Log Only. Can be set to an empty list to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups, and Groups override Collections. To view available rule groups, please consult the API documentation: https://internal-docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `log_only_rule_ids` (List of String) List of WAF rule IDs explicitly marked as Log Only. Can be set to an empty list to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups, and Groups override Collections. To view available rules, please consult the API documentation: https://internal-docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `mode` (String) The operating mode of the WAF. 'ENABLED' actively blocks threats, 'LOG_ONLY' logs matches without blocking, and 'DISABLED' completely turns off inspection. Defaults to 'DISABLED'.
- `paranoia_level` (String) Defines how aggressively the WAF should act on requests. Valid values are 'L1' to 'L4'. Defaults to 'L1'.
- `type` (String) The tier of the WAF. Valid values are 'FREE' or 'PREMIUM'. Defaults to 'FREE'.



<a id="nestedatt--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains`

Read-Only:

- `errors` (List of String) List of domain errors
- `name` (String) The name of the domain
- `status` (String) The status of the domain
- `type` (String) The type of the domain. Each distribution has one domain of type "managed", and domains of type "custom" may be additionally created by the user
