---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_dremio_instance Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a STACKIT Dremio instance.
  ~> This datasource is part of the experimental feature dremio and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.
---

# stackit_dremio_instance (Data Source)

Manages a STACKIT Dremio instance.

~> This datasource is part of the experimental feature dremio and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_dremio_instance" "example" {
  project_id  = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  region      = "eu01"
  instance_id = "example-instance-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) The Dremio instance ID.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT Project ID to which the resource is associated.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description is a longer text chosen by the user to provide more context for the resource.
- `region` (String) The STACKIT region name the resource is located in. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `authentication` (Attributes) Dremio instance authentication settings. A change here triggers a Dremio restart and will incur downtime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication))
- `display_name` (String) The display name is a short name chosen by the user to identify the resource.
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The available endpoints of the Dremio instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource identifier. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`instance_id`".

<a id="nestedatt--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Optional:

- `azuread` (Attributes) Azure Active Directory authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--azuread))
- `oauth` (Attributes) OIDC authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth))

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Type of authentication (local-only, azuread, oauth).

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--azuread"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.azuread`

Read-Only:

- `authority_url` (String) The Azure AD authority URL.
- `client_id` (String) The Azure AD client ID.
- `redirect_url` (String) The Azure AD redirect URL.


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth`

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) Any additional parameters the Identity Provider requires. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--parameters))
- `scope` (String) A list of space-separated scopes. The `openid` scope is always required; other scopes can vary by provider.

Read-Only:

- `authority_url` (String) The Issuer location URI, where the OIDC provider configuration can be found.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID assigned by the Identity Provider.
- `jwt_claims` (Attributes) Maps fields from the JWT token to fields Dremio requires. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--jwt_claims))
- `redirect_url` (String) The URL where the Dremio instance is hosted. The URL must match the redirect URL set in the Identity Provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.parameters`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Parameter name.
- `value` (String) Parameter value.


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--jwt_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.jwt_claims`

Read-Only:

- `user_name` (String) Mapped user name claim (e.g. email).




<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `arrow_flight` (String) The arrow flight endpoint of the Dremio instance.
- `catalog` (String) The Apache Iceberg endpoint of the Dremio instance.
- `ui` (String) The UI endpoint of the Dremio instance.
