---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_image_v2 Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Image datasource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> Important: When using the name, name_regex, or filter attributes to select images dynamically, be aware that image IDs may change frequently. Each OS patch or update results in a new unique image ID. If this data source is used to populate fields like boot_volume.source_id in a server resource, it may cause Terraform to detect changes and recreate the associated resource.
  To avoid unintended updates or resource replacements:
  Prefer using a static image_id to pin a specific image version.If you accept automatic image updates but wish to suppress resource changes, use a lifecycle block to ignore relevant changes. For example:
  
  resource "stackit_server" "example" {
    boot_volume = {
      size        = 64
      source_type = "image"
      source_id   = data.stackit_image.latest.id
    }
  
    lifecycle {
      ignore_changes = [boot_volume[0].source_id]
    }
  }
  
  ~> This datasource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our guide https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources for how to opt-in to use beta resources.
---

# stackit_image_v2 (Data Source)

Image datasource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> Important: When using the `name`, `name_regex`, or `filter` attributes to select images dynamically, be aware that image IDs may change frequently. Each OS patch or update results in a new unique image ID. If this data source is used to populate fields like `boot_volume.source_id` in a server resource, it may cause Terraform to detect changes and recreate the associated resource.

To avoid unintended updates or resource replacements:
 - Prefer using a static `image_id` to pin a specific image version.
 - If you accept automatic image updates but wish to suppress resource changes, use a `lifecycle` block to ignore relevant changes. For example:

```hcl
resource "stackit_server" "example" {
  boot_volume = {
    size        = 64
    source_type = "image"
    source_id   = data.stackit_image.latest.id
  }

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [boot_volume[0].source_id]
  }
}
```

~> This datasource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our [guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources) for how to opt-in to use beta resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_image_v2" "default" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  image_id   = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}

data "stackit_image_v2" "name_match" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "Ubuntu 22.04"
}

data "stackit_image_v2" "name_regex_latest" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name_regex = "^Ubuntu .*"
}

data "stackit_image_v2" "name_regex_oldest" {
  project_id     = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name_regex     = "^Ubuntu .*"
  sort_ascending = true
}

data "stackit_image_v2" "filter_distro_version" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  filter = {
    distro  = "debian"
    version = "11"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the image is associated.

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Additional filtering options based on image properties. Can be used independently or in conjunction with `name` or `name_regex`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `image_id` (String) Image ID to fetch directly
- `name` (String) Exact image name to match. Optionally applies a `filter` block to further refine results in case multiple images share the same name. The first match is returned, optionally sorted by name in ascending order. Cannot be used together with `name_regex`.
- `name_regex` (String) Regular expression to match against image names. Optionally applies a `filter` block to narrow down results when multiple image names match the regex. The first match is returned, optionally sorted by name in ascending order. Cannot be used together with `name`.
- `sort_ascending` (Boolean) If set to `true`, images are sorted in ascending lexicographical order by image name (such as `Ubuntu 18.04`, `Ubuntu 20.04`, `Ubuntu 22.04`) before selecting the first match. Defaults to `false` (descending such as `Ubuntu 22.04`, `Ubuntu 20.04`, `Ubuntu 18.04`).

### Read-Only

- `checksum` (Attributes) Representation of an image checksum. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--checksum))
- `config` (Attributes) Properties to set hardware and scheduling settings for an image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `disk_format` (String) The disk format of the image.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`image_id`".
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `min_disk_size` (Number) The minimum disk size of the image in GB.
- `min_ram` (Number) The minimum RAM of the image in MB.
- `protected` (Boolean) Whether the image is protected.
- `scope` (String) The scope of the image.

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `distro` (String) Filter images by operating system distribution. For example: `ubuntu`, `ubuntu-arm64`, `debian`, `rhel`, etc.
- `os` (String) Filter images by operating system type, such as `linux` or `windows`.
- `secure_boot` (Boolean) Filter images with Secure Boot support. Set to `true` to match images that support Secure Boot.
- `uefi` (Boolean) Filter images based on UEFI support. Set to `true` to match images that support UEFI.
- `version` (String) Filter images by OS distribution version, such as `22.04`, `11`, or `9.1`.


<a id="nestedatt--checksum"></a>
### Nested Schema for `checksum`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm for the checksum of the image data.
- `digest` (String) Hexdigest of the checksum of the image data.


<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Read-Only:

- `boot_menu` (Boolean) Enables the BIOS bootmenu.
- `cdrom_bus` (String) Sets CDROM bus controller type.
- `disk_bus` (String) Sets Disk bus controller type.
- `nic_model` (String) Sets virtual network interface model.
- `operating_system` (String) Enables operating system specific optimizations.
- `operating_system_distro` (String) Operating system distribution.
- `operating_system_version` (String) Version of the operating system.
- `rescue_bus` (String) Sets the device bus when the image is used as a rescue image.
- `rescue_device` (String) Sets the device when the image is used as a rescue image.
- `secure_boot` (Boolean) Enables Secure Boot.
- `uefi` (Boolean) Enables UEFI boot.
- `video_model` (String) Sets Graphic device model.
- `virtio_scsi` (Boolean) Enables the use of VirtIO SCSI to provide block device access. By default instances use VirtIO Block.
