---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_loadbalancer Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Load Balancer data source schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_loadbalancer (Data Source)

Load Balancer data source schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_loadbalancer" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example-load-balancer"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Load balancer name.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the Load Balancer is associated.

### Optional

- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `disable_security_group_assignment` (Boolean) If set to true, this will disable the automatic assignment of a security group to the load balancer's targets. This option is primarily used to allow targets that are not within the load balancer's own network or SNA (STACKIT Network area). When this is enabled, you are fully responsible for ensuring network connectivity to the targets, including managing all routing and security group rules manually. This setting cannot be changed after the load balancer is created.
- `external_address` (String) External Load Balancer IP address where this Load Balancer is exposed.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`","region","`name`".
- `listeners` (Attributes List) List of all listeners which will accept traffic. Limited to 20. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners))
- `networks` (Attributes List) List of networks that listeners and targets reside in. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--networks))
- `options` (Attributes) Defines any optional functionality you want to have enabled on your load balancer. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `plan_id` (String) The service plan ID. If not defined, the default service plan is `p10`. Possible values are: `p10`, `p50`, `p250`, `p750`.
- `private_address` (String) Transient private Load Balancer IP address. It can change any time.
- `security_group_id` (String) The ID of the egress security group assigned to the Load Balancer's internal machines. This ID is essential for allowing traffic from the Load Balancer to targets in different networks or STACKIT Network areas (SNA). To enable this, create a security group rule for your target VMs and set the `remote_security_group_id` of that rule to this value. This is typically used when `disable_security_group_assignment` is set to `true`.
- `target_pools` (Attributes List) List of all target pools which will be used in the Load Balancer. Limited to 20. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_pools))

<a id="nestedatt--listeners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners`

Optional:

- `server_name_indicators` (Attributes List) A list of domain names to match in order to pass TLS traffic to the target pool in the current listener (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners--server_name_indicators))

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String)
- `port` (Number) Port number where we listen for traffic.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol is the highest network protocol we understand to load balance.
- `target_pool` (String) Reference target pool by target pool name.
- `tcp` (Attributes) Options that are specific to the TCP protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners--tcp))
- `udp` (Attributes) Options that are specific to the UDP protocol. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--listeners--udp))

<a id="nestedatt--listeners--server_name_indicators"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners.server_name_indicators`

Optional:

- `name` (String) A domain name to match in order to pass TLS traffic to the target pool in the current listener


<a id="nestedatt--listeners--tcp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners.tcp`

Read-Only:

- `idle_timeout` (String) Time after which an idle connection is closed. The default value is set to 5 minutes, and the maximum value is one hour.


<a id="nestedatt--listeners--udp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `listeners.udp`

Read-Only:

- `idle_timeout` (String) Time after which an idle session is closed. The default value is set to 1 minute, and the maximum value is 2 minutes.



<a id="nestedatt--networks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `networks`

Read-Only:

- `network_id` (String) Openstack network ID.
- `role` (String) The role defines how the load balancer is using the network.


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Read-Only:

- `acl` (Set of String) Load Balancer is accessible only from an IP address in this range.
- `observability` (Attributes) We offer Load Balancer metrics observability via ARGUS or external solutions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--observability))
- `private_network_only` (Boolean) If true, Load Balancer is accessible only via a private network IP address.

<a id="nestedatt--options--observability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.observability`

Read-Only:

- `logs` (Attributes) Observability logs configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--observability--logs))
- `metrics` (Attributes) Observability metrics configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options--observability--metrics))

<a id="nestedatt--options--observability--logs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.observability.logs`

Read-Only:

- `credentials_ref` (String) Credentials reference for logs.
- `push_url` (String) Credentials reference for logs.


<a id="nestedatt--options--observability--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options.observability.metrics`

Read-Only:

- `credentials_ref` (String) Credentials reference for metrics.
- `push_url` (String) Credentials reference for metrics.




<a id="nestedatt--target_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_pools`

Optional:

- `session_persistence` (Attributes) Here you can setup various session persistence options, so far only "`use_source_ip_address`" is supported. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_pools--session_persistence))

Read-Only:

- `active_health_check` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_pools--active_health_check))
- `name` (String) Target pool name.
- `target_port` (Number) Identical port number where each target listens for traffic.
- `targets` (Attributes List) List of all targets which will be used in the pool. Limited to 1000. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_pools--targets))

<a id="nestedatt--target_pools--session_persistence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_pools.session_persistence`

Optional:

- `use_source_ip_address` (Boolean) If true then all connections from one source IP address are redirected to the same target. This setting changes the load balancing algorithm to Maglev.


<a id="nestedatt--target_pools--active_health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_pools.active_health_check`

Read-Only:

- `healthy_threshold` (Number) Healthy threshold of the health checking.
- `interval` (String) Interval duration of health checking in seconds.
- `interval_jitter` (String) Interval duration threshold of the health checking in seconds.
- `timeout` (String) Active health checking timeout duration in seconds.
- `unhealthy_threshold` (Number) Unhealthy threshold of the health checking.


<a id="nestedatt--target_pools--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_pools.targets`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) Target display name
- `ip` (String) Target IP
