---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_mongodbflex_instance Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MongoDB Flex instance data source schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_mongodbflex_instance (Data Source)

MongoDB Flex instance data source schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

!> STACKIT provides a Terraform provider that enables the deployment and ordering of MongoDB Flex. However, please exercise caution when using Terraform, as some API calls initiated through Terraform may behave differently than expected. Before applying any changes, ensure you review them carefully or contact us if you are unsure about the usage. **Please note that updates may result in the recreation of the entire instance, which could lead to data loss.**


## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_mongodbflex_instance" "example" {
  project_id  = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  instance_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) ID of the MongoDB Flex instance.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.

### Read-Only

- `acl` (List of String) The Access Control List (ACL) for the MongoDB Flex instance.
- `backup_schedule` (String) The backup schedule. Should follow the cron scheduling system format (e.g. "0 0 * * *").
- `flavor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flavor))
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal data source ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`instance_id`".
- `name` (String) Instance name.
- `options` (Attributes) Custom parameters for the MongoDB Flex instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `replicas` (Number)
- `storage` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--flavor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flavor`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `ram` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Read-Only:

- `daily_snapshot_retention_days` (Number) The number of days that daily backups will be retained.
- `monthly_snapshot_retention_months` (Number) The number of months that monthly backups will be retained.
- `point_in_time_window_hours` (Number) The number of hours back in time the point-in-time recovery feature will be able to recover.
- `snapshot_retention_days` (Number) The number of days that continuous backups (controlled via the `backup_schedule`) will be retained.
- `type` (String) Type of the MongoDB Flex instance.
- `weekly_snapshot_retention_weeks` (Number) The number of weeks that weekly backups will be retained.


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `class` (String)
- `size` (Number)
