---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_observability_instance Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Observability instance data source schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_observability_instance (Data Source)

Observability instance data source schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_observability_instance" "example" {
  project_id  = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  instance_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) The Observability instance ID.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.

### Read-Only

- `acl` (Set of String) The access control list for this instance. Each entry is an IP address range that is permitted to access, in CIDR notation.
- `alert_config` (Attributes) Alert configuration for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config))
- `alerting_url` (String) Specifies Alerting URL.
- `dashboard_url` (String) Specifies Observability instance dashboard URL.
- `grafana_initial_admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Specifies an initial Grafana admin password.
- `grafana_initial_admin_user` (String) Specifies an initial Grafana admin username.
- `grafana_public_read_access` (Boolean) If true, anyone can access Grafana dashboards without logging in.
- `grafana_url` (String) Specifies Grafana URL.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal data source. ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`instance_id`".
- `is_updatable` (Boolean) Specifies if the instance can be updated.
- `jaeger_traces_url` (String)
- `jaeger_ui_url` (String)
- `logs_push_url` (String) Specifies URL for pushing logs.
- `logs_retention_days` (Number) Specifies for how many days the logs are kept. Default is set to `7`.
- `logs_url` (String) Specifies Logs URL.
- `metrics_push_url` (String) Specifies URL for pushing metrics.
- `metrics_retention_days` (Number) Specifies for how many days the raw metrics are kept. Default is set to `90`.
- `metrics_retention_days_1h_downsampling` (Number) Specifies for how many days the 1h downsampled metrics are kept. must be less than the value of the 5m downsampling retention. Default is set to `90`.
- `metrics_retention_days_5m_downsampling` (Number) Specifies for how many days the 5m downsampled metrics are kept. must be less than the value of the general retention. Default is set to `90`.
- `metrics_url` (String) Specifies metrics URL.
- `name` (String) The name of the Observability instance.
- `otlp_traces_url` (String)
- `parameters` (Map of String) Additional parameters.
- `plan_id` (String) The Observability plan ID.
- `plan_name` (String) Specifies the Observability plan. E.g. `Observability-Monitoring-Medium-EU01`.
- `targets_url` (String) Specifies Targets URL.
- `traces_retention_days` (Number) Specifies for how many days the traces are kept. Default is set to `7`.
- `zipkin_spans_url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config`

Read-Only:

- `global` (Attributes) Global configuration for the alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--global))
- `receivers` (Attributes List) List of alert receivers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers))
- `route` (Attributes) The route for the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--route))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--global"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.global`

Read-Only:

- `opsgenie_api_key` (String, Sensitive) The API key for OpsGenie.
- `opsgenie_api_url` (String) The host to send OpsGenie API requests to. Must be a valid URL
- `resolve_timeout` (String) The default value used by alertmanager if the alert does not include EndsAt. After this time passes, it can declare the alert as resolved if it has not been updated. This has no impact on alerts from Prometheus, as they always include EndsAt.
- `smtp_auth_identity` (String) SMTP authentication information. Must be a valid email address
- `smtp_auth_password` (String, Sensitive) SMTP Auth using LOGIN and PLAIN.
- `smtp_auth_username` (String) SMTP Auth using CRAM-MD5, LOGIN and PLAIN. If empty, Alertmanager doesn't authenticate to the SMTP server.
- `smtp_from` (String) The default SMTP From header field. Must be a valid email address
- `smtp_smart_host` (String) The default SMTP smarthost used for sending emails, including port number. Port number usually is 25, or 587 for SMTP over TLS (sometimes referred to as STARTTLS).


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers`

Read-Only:

- `email_configs` (Attributes List) List of email configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--email_configs))
- `name` (String) Name of the receiver.
- `opsgenie_configs` (Attributes List) List of OpsGenie configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--opsgenie_configs))
- `webhooks_configs` (Attributes List) List of Webhooks configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--webhooks_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--email_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.email_configs`

Read-Only:

- `auth_identity` (String) SMTP authentication information. Must be a valid email address
- `auth_password` (String, Sensitive) SMTP authentication password.
- `auth_username` (String) SMTP authentication username.
- `from` (String) The sender email address. Must be a valid email address
- `send_resolved` (Boolean) Whether to notify about resolved alerts.
- `smart_host` (String) The SMTP host through which emails are sent.
- `to` (String) The email address to send notifications to. Must be a valid email address


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--opsgenie_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.opsgenie_configs`

Read-Only:

- `api_key` (String) The API key for OpsGenie.
- `api_url` (String) The host to send OpsGenie API requests to. Must be a valid URL
- `priority` (String) Priority of the alert. Possible values are: `P1`, `P2`, `P3`, `P4`, `P5`.
- `send_resolved` (Boolean) Whether to notify about resolved alerts.
- `tags` (String) Comma separated list of tags attached to the notifications.


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--webhooks_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.webhooks_configs`

Read-Only:

- `google_chat` (Boolean) Google Chat webhooks require special handling, set this to true if the webhook is for Google Chat.
- `ms_teams` (Boolean) Microsoft Teams webhooks require special handling, set this to true if the webhook is for Microsoft Teams.
- `send_resolved` (Boolean) Whether to notify about resolved alerts.
- `url` (String, Sensitive) The endpoint to send HTTP POST requests to. Must be a valid URL



<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.route`

Read-Only:

- `group_by` (List of String) The labels by which incoming alerts are grouped together. For example, multiple alerts coming in for cluster=A and alertname=LatencyHigh would be batched into a single group. To aggregate by all possible labels use the special value '...' as the sole label name, for example: group_by: ['...']. This effectively disables aggregation entirely, passing through all alerts as-is. This is unlikely to be what you want, unless you have a very low alert volume or your upstream notification system performs its own grouping.
- `group_interval` (String) How long to wait before sending a notification about new alerts that are added to a group of alerts for which an initial notification has already been sent. (Usually ~5m or more.)
- `group_wait` (String) How long to initially wait to send a notification for a group of alerts. Allows to wait for an inhibiting alert to arrive or collect more initial alerts for the same group. (Usually ~0s to few minutes.) .
- `receiver` (String) The name of the receiver to route the alerts to.
- `repeat_interval` (String) How long to wait before sending a notification again if it has already been sent successfully for an alert. (Usually ~3h or more).
- `routes` (Attributes List) List of child routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--route--routes))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--route--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.route.routes`

Read-Only:

- `continue` (Boolean) Whether an alert should continue matching subsequent sibling nodes.
- `group_by` (List of String) The labels by which incoming alerts are grouped together. For example, multiple alerts coming in for cluster=A and alertname=LatencyHigh would be batched into a single group. To aggregate by all possible labels use the special value '...' as the sole label name, for example: group_by: ['...']. This effectively disables aggregation entirely, passing through all alerts as-is. This is unlikely to be what you want, unless you have a very low alert volume or your upstream notification system performs its own grouping.
- `group_interval` (String) How long to wait before sending a notification about new alerts that are added to a group of alerts for which an initial notification has already been sent. (Usually ~5m or more.)
- `group_wait` (String) How long to initially wait to send a notification for a group of alerts. Allows to wait for an inhibiting alert to arrive or collect more initial alerts for the same group. (Usually ~0s to few minutes.)
- `match` (Map of String, Deprecated) A set of equality matchers an alert has to fulfill to match the node. This field is deprecated and will be removed after 10th March 2026, use `matchers` in the `routes` instead
- `match_regex` (Map of String, Deprecated) A set of regex-matchers an alert has to fulfill to match the node. This field is deprecated and will be removed after 10th March 2026, use `matchers` in the `routes` instead
- `matchers` (List of String) A list of matchers that an alert has to fulfill to match the node. A matcher is a string with a syntax inspired by PromQL and OpenMetrics.
- `receiver` (String) The name of the receiver to route the alerts to.
- `repeat_interval` (String) How long to wait before sending a notification again if it has already been sent successfully for an alert. (Usually ~3h or more).
