---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackitprivatepreview_postgresflexalpha_flavors Data Source - stackitprivatepreview"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stackitprivatepreview_postgresflexalpha_flavors (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) The STACKIT project ID.
- `region` (String) The region which should be addressed

### Optional

- `page` (Number) Number of the page of items list to be returned.
- `size` (Number) Number of items to be returned on each page.
- `sort` (String) Sorting of the flavors to be returned on each page.

### Read-Only

- `flavors` (Attributes List) List of flavors available for the project. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flavors))
- `pagination` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pagination))

<a id="nestedatt--flavors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flavors`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number) The cpu count of the instance.
- `description` (String) The flavor description.
- `id` (String) The id of the instance flavor.
- `max_gb` (Number) maximum storage which can be ordered for the flavor in Gigabyte.
- `memory` (Number) The memory of the instance in Gibibyte.
- `min_gb` (Number) minimum storage which is required to order in Gigabyte.
- `node_type` (String) defines the nodeType it can be either single or replica
- `storage_classes` (Attributes List) maximum storage which can be ordered for the flavor in Gigabyte. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flavors--storage_classes))

<a id="nestedatt--flavors--storage_classes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flavors.storage_classes`

Read-Only:

- `class` (String)
- `max_io_per_sec` (Number)
- `max_through_in_mb` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--pagination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pagination`

Read-Only:

- `page` (Number)
- `size` (Number)
- `sort` (String)
- `total_pages` (Number)
- `total_rows` (Number)
