---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackitprivatepreview_postgresflexalpha_instance Data Source - stackitprivatepreview"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stackitprivatepreview_postgresflexalpha_instance (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackitprivatepreview_postgresflexalpha_instance" "example" {
  project_id  = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  instance_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) The ID of the instance.
- `project_id` (String) The STACKIT project ID.
- `region` (String) The region which should be addressed

### Read-Only

- `backup_schedule` (String) The schedule for on what time and how often the database backup will be created. The schedule is written as a cron schedule.
- `flavor_id` (String) The id of the instance flavor.
- `id` (String) The ID of the instance.
- `is_deletable` (Boolean) Whether the instance can be deleted or not.
- `name` (String) The name of the instance.
- `network` (Attributes) The access configuration of the instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `replicas` (Number) How many replicas the instance should have.
- `retention_days` (Number) How long backups are retained. The value can only be between 32 and 365 days.
- `status` (String) The current status of the instance.
- `storage` (Attributes) The object containing information about the storage size and class. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))
- `version` (String) The Postgres version used for the instance. See [Versions Endpoint](/documentation/postgres-flex-service/version/v3alpha1#tag/Version) for supported version parameters.

<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Read-Only:

- `access_scope` (String) The access scope of the instance. It defines if the instance is public or airgapped.
- `acl` (List of String) List of IPV4 cidr.
- `instance_address` (String)
- `router_address` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `performance_class` (String) The storage class for the storage.
- `size` (Number) The storage size in Gigabytes.
