---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_resourcemanager_project Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Manager project data source schema. To identify the project, you need to provider either project_id or container_id. If you provide both, project_id will be used.
---

# stackit_resourcemanager_project (Data Source)

Resource Manager project data source schema. To identify the project, you need to provider either project_id or container_id. If you provide both, project_id will be used.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_resourcemanager_project" "example" {
  project_id   = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  container_id = "example-container-abc123"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `container_id` (String) Project container ID. Globally unique, user-friendly identifier.
- `project_id` (String) Project UUID identifier. This is the ID that can be used in most of the other resources to identify the project.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal data source. ID. It is structured as "`container_id`".
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container. A label key must match the regex [A-ZÄÜÖa-zäüöß0-9_-]{1,64}. A label value must match the regex ^$|[A-ZÄÜÖa-zäüöß0-9_-]{1,64}
- `members` (Attributes List) The members assigned to the project. At least one subject needs to be a user, and not a client or service account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))
- `name` (String) Project name.
- `owner_email` (String, Deprecated)
- `parent_container_id` (String) Parent resource identifier. Both container ID (user-friendly) and UUID are supported

<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Read-Only:

- `role` (String) A valid role defined for the resource. At least one users must have the `owner` role. Legacy roles (`project.admin`, `project.auditor`, `project.member`, `project.owner`) are not supported.
- `subject` (String) Unique identifier of the user, service account or client. This is usually the email address for users or service accounts, and the name in case of clients.
