---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_routing_tables Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Routing table datasource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_routing_tables (Data Source)

Routing table datasource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_routing_tables" "example" {
  organization_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  network_area_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_area_id` (String) The network area ID to which the routing table is associated.
- `organization_id` (String) STACKIT organization ID to which the routing table is associated.

### Optional

- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) List of routing tables. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `network_area_id` (String) The network area ID to which the routing table is associated.
- `organization_id` (String) STACKIT organization ID to which the routing table is associated.
- `routing_table_id` (String) The routing tables ID.

Optional:

- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Date-time when the routing table was created
- `description` (String) Description of the routing table.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal datasource ID. It is structured as "`organization_id`,`region`,`routing_table_id`".
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `main_routing_table` (Boolean) Sets the routing table as main routing table.
- `name` (String) The name of the routing table.
- `routes` (Attributes List) List of routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--routes))
- `system_routes` (Boolean) TODO: ask what this does
- `updated_at` (String) Date-time when the routing table was updated

<a id="nestedatt--items--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.routes`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Date-time when the route was created
- `destination` (Attributes) Destination of the route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--routes--destination))
- `id` (String) Route ID.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `next_hop` (Attributes) Next hop destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--routes--next_hop))
- `updated_at` (String) Date-time when the route was updated

<a id="nestedatt--items--routes--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.routes.destination`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) CIDRV type.
- `value` (String) An CIDR string.


<a id="nestedatt--items--routes--next_hop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.routes.next_hop`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) Can be either blackhole, internet, ipv4 or ipv6.
- `value` (String) Either IPv4 or IPv6 (not set for blackhole and internet).
