---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_security_group Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Security group datasource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our guide https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources for how to opt-in to use beta resources.
---

# stackit_security_group (Data Source)

Security group datasource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our [guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources) for how to opt-in to use beta resources.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the security group is associated.
- `security_group_id` (String) The security group ID.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the security group.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`security_group_id`".
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `name` (String) The name of the security group.
- `rules` (Attributes List) The rules of the security group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `server_id` (String) The server ID of the server to which the volume is attached to.
- `stateful` (Boolean) Shows if a security group is stateful or stateless. There can only be one security groups per network interface/server.

<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The rule description.
- `direction` (String) The direction of the traffic which the rule should match.
- `ether_type` (String) The ethertype which the rule should match.
- `icmp_parameters` (Attributes) ICMP Parameters. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--icmp_parameters))
- `id` (String) UUID
- `ip_range` (String) The remote IP range which the rule should match.
- `port_range` (Attributes) The range of ports. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--port_range))
- `protocol` (Attributes) The internet protocol which the rule should match. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--protocol))
- `remote_security_group_id` (String) The remote security group which the rule should match.
- `security_group_id` (String) UUID

<a id="nestedatt--rules--icmp_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.icmp_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `code` (Number) ICMP code. Can be set if the protocol is ICMP.
- `type` (Number) ICMP type. Can be set if the protocol is ICMP.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--port_range"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.port_range`

Read-Only:

- `max` (Number) The maximum port number. Should be greater or equal to the minimum.
- `min` (Number) The minimum port number. Should be less or equal to the minimum.


<a id="nestedatt--rules--protocol"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.protocol`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The protocol name which the rule should match.
- `protocol` (Number) The protocol number which the rule should match.
