---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_server Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Server datasource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our guide https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources for how to opt-in to use beta resources.
---

# stackit_server (Data Source)

Server datasource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our [guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources) for how to opt-in to use beta resources.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the server is associated.
- `server_id` (String) The server ID.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zone` (String) The availability zone of the server.
- `boot_volume` (Attributes) The boot volume for the server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--boot_volume))
- `created_at` (String) Date-time when the server was created
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`server_id`".
- `image_id` (String) The image ID to be used for an ephemeral disk on the server.
- `initial_networking` (Attributes) The initial networking setup for the server. A network ID or a list of network interfaces IDs can be provided (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_networking))
- `keypair_name` (String) The name of the keypair used during server creation.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `launched_at` (String) Date-time when the server was launched
- `machine_type` (String) Name of the type of the machine for the server. Possible values are documented in [Virtual machine flavors](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/virtual-machine-flavors-75137231.html)
- `name` (String) The name of the server.
- `server_group` (String) The server group the server is assigned to.
- `updated_at` (String) Date-time when the server was updated
- `user_data` (String) User data that is provided to the server. Must be base64 encoded and is passed via cloud-init to the server.

<a id="nestedatt--boot_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_volume`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the source, either image ID or volume ID
- `performance_class` (String) The performance class of the server.
- `size` (Number) The size of the boot volume in GB.
- `type` (String) The type of the source. Supported values are: `volume`, `image`.


<a id="nestedatt--initial_networking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_networking`

Read-Only:

- `network_id` (String) The network ID
- `network_interface_ids` (List of String) List of network interface IDs
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) List of security groups the server is associated to
