---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_sfs_snapshot_policies Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SFS snapshot policies datasource schema
---

# stackit_sfs_snapshot_policies (Data Source)

SFS snapshot policies datasource schema

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_sfs_snapshot_policies" "all" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}

data "stackit_sfs_snapshot_policies" "immutable_only" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  immutable  = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the snapshot policy is associated.

### Optional

- `immutable` (String) Filter snapshot policies by immutability. Possible values are: `all`, `immutable-only`, `mutable-only`. Defaults to `all`. This attribute is in beta, may have breaking changes in the future.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal data source ID. It is structured as "`project_id`".
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) Comment of the Snapshot Policy.
- `created_at` (String) Created At timestamp.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Wether the Snapshot Policy is enabled.
- `id` (String) ID of the Snapshot Policy.
- `name` (String) Name of the Snapshot Policy.
- `snapshot_schedules` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--snapshot_schedules))

<a id="nestedatt--items--snapshot_schedules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.snapshot_schedules`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) Created At timestamp.
- `id` (String) ID of the Snapshot Schedule.
- `interval` (String) Interval of the Snapshot Schedule (follows the cron schedule xpression in Unix-like systems).
- `name` (String) Name of the Snapshot Schedule.
- `prefix` (String) Prefix used for snapshots created by this policy.
- `retention_count` (Number) Retention Count.
- `retention_period` (String) Retention Period (ISO 8601 format or 'infinite').
