---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_sfs_resource_pool_snapshot Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource-pool datasource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> This datasource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our guide https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources for how to opt-in to use beta resources.
---

# stackit_sfs_resource_pool_snapshot (Data Source)

Resource-pool datasource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> This datasource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our [guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources) for how to opt-in to use beta resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_sfs_resource_pool_snapshot" "example" {
  project_id       = "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX"
  resource_pool_id = "YYYYYYYY-YYYY-YYYY-YYYY-YYYYYYYYYYYY"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the resource pool snapshot is associated.
- `resource_pool_id` (String) Resource pool ID

### Optional

- `region` (String) The resource region. Read-only attribute that reflects the provider region.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`resource_pool_id`".
- `snapshots` (Attributes List) Resource-pool datasource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshots))

<a id="nestedatt--snapshots"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshots`

Read-Only:

- `comment` (String) (optional) A comment to add more information about a snapshot
- `created_at` (String) creation date of the snapshot
- `logical_size_gigabytes` (Number) Represents the user-visible data size at the time of the snapshot (e.g. what’s in the snapshot)
- `resource_pool_id` (String) ID of the Resource Pool of the Snapshot
- `size_gigabytes` (Number) Reflects the actual storage footprint in the backend at snapshot time (e.g. how much storage from the Resource Pool does it use)
- `snapshot_name` (String) Name of the Resource Pool Snapshot
