---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_ske_cluster Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SKE Cluster data source schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_ske_cluster (Data Source)

SKE Cluster data source schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_ske_cluster" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example-name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The cluster name.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the cluster is associated.

### Optional

- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `egress_address_ranges` (List of String) The outgoing network ranges (in CIDR notation) of traffic originating from workload on the cluster.
- `extensions` (Attributes) A single extensions block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions))
- `hibernations` (Attributes List) One or more hibernation block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hibernations))
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal data source. ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`name`".
- `kubernetes_version_min` (String) The minimum Kubernetes version, this field is always nil. SKE automatically updates the cluster Kubernetes version if you have set `maintenance.enable_kubernetes_version_updates` to true or if there is a mandatory update, as described in [Updates for Kubernetes versions and Operating System versions in SKE](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/version-updates-in-ske-10125631.html). To get the current kubernetes version being used for your cluster, use the `kubernetes_version_used` field.
- `kubernetes_version_used` (String) Full Kubernetes version used. For example, if `1.22` was selected, this value may result to `1.22.15`
- `maintenance` (Attributes) A single maintenance block as defined below (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance))
- `network` (Attributes) Network block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `node_pools` (Attributes List) One or more `node_pool` block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools))
- `pod_address_ranges` (List of String) The network ranges (in CIDR notation) used by pods of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions`

Read-Only:

- `acl` (Attributes) Cluster access control configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--acl))
- `argus` (Attributes, Deprecated) A single argus block as defined below. This field is deprecated and will be removed 06 January 2026. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--argus))
- `dns` (Attributes) DNS extension configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--dns))
- `observability` (Attributes) A single observability block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--observability))

<a id="nestedatt--extensions--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.acl`

Read-Only:

- `allowed_cidrs` (List of String) Specify a list of CIDRs to whitelist
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is ACL enabled?


<a id="nestedatt--extensions--argus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.argus`

Read-Only:

- `argus_instance_id` (String) Instance ID of argus
- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable argus extensions.


<a id="nestedatt--extensions--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.dns`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable DNS extensions
- `zones` (List of String) Specify a list of domain filters for externalDNS (e.g., `foo.runs.onstackit.cloud`)


<a id="nestedatt--extensions--observability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.observability`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable Observability extensions.
- `instance_id` (String) Observability instance ID to choose which Observability instance is used. Required when enabled is set to `true`.



<a id="nestedatt--hibernations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hibernations`

Read-Only:

- `end` (String) End time of hibernation, in crontab syntax.
- `start` (String) Start time of cluster hibernation in crontab syntax.
- `timezone` (String) Timezone name corresponding to a file in the IANA Time Zone database.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance`

Read-Only:

- `enable_kubernetes_version_updates` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable auto-updates of the Kubernetes version.
- `enable_machine_image_version_updates` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable auto-updates of the OS image version.
- `end` (String) Date time for maintenance window end.
- `start` (String) Date time for maintenance window start.


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the STACKIT Network Area (SNA) network into which the cluster will be deployed.


<a id="nestedatt--node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools`

Read-Only:

- `allow_system_components` (Boolean) Allow system components to run on this node pool.
- `availability_zones` (List of String) Specify a list of availability zones.
- `cri` (String) Specifies the container runtime.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to each node.
- `machine_type` (String) The machine type.
- `max_surge` (Number) The maximum number of nodes upgraded simultaneously.
- `max_unavailable` (Number) The maximum number of nodes unavailable during upgraded.
- `maximum` (Number) Maximum number of nodes in the pool.
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum number of nodes in the pool.
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the node pool.
- `os_name` (String) The name of the OS image.
- `os_version` (String) The OS image version.
- `os_version_min` (String) The minimum OS image version, this field is always nil. SKE automatically updates the cluster Kubernetes version if you have set `maintenance.enable_kubernetes_version_updates` to true or if there is a mandatory update, as described in [Updates for Kubernetes versions and Operating System versions in SKE](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/version-updates-in-ske-10125631.html). To get the current OS image version being used for the node pool, use the read-only `os_version_used` field.
- `os_version_used` (String) Full OS image version used. For example, if 3815.2 was set in `os_version_min`, this value may result to 3815.2.2. SKE automatically updates the cluster Kubernetes version if you have set `maintenance.enable_kubernetes_version_updates` to true or if there is a mandatory update, as described in [Updates for Kubernetes versions and Operating System versions in SKE](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/version-updates-in-ske-10125631.html).
- `taints` (Attributes List) Specifies a taint list as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools--taints))
- `volume_size` (Number) The volume size in GB.
- `volume_type` (String) Specifies the volume type.

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools.taints`

Read-Only:

- `effect` (String) The taint effect.
- `key` (String) Taint key to be applied to a node.
- `value` (String) Taint value corresponding to the taint key.
