---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackitprivatepreview_sqlserverflexalpha_instance Data Source - stackitprivatepreview"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SQLServer Flex ALPHA instance resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackitprivatepreview_sqlserverflexalpha_instance (Data Source)

SQLServer Flex ALPHA instance resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackitprivatepreview_sqlserverflexalpha_instance" "example" {
  project_id  = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  instance_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) ID of the SQLServer Flex instance.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.

### Optional

- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `backup_schedule` (String) The backup schedule. Should follow the cron scheduling system format (e.g. "0 0 * * *")
- `edition` (String)
- `encryption` (Attributes) The encryption block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption))
- `flavor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flavor))
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`instance_id`".
- `is_deletable` (Boolean)
- `name` (String) Instance name.
- `network` (Attributes) The network block. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `replicas` (Number)
- `retention_days` (Number)
- `status` (String)
- `storage` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption`

Read-Only:

- `key_id` (String) STACKIT KMS - Key ID of the encryption key to use.
- `key_version` (String) STACKIT KMS - Key version to use in the encryption key.
- `keyring_id` (String) STACKIT KMS - KeyRing ID of the encryption key to use.
- `service_account` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--flavor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flavor`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `node_type` (String)
- `ram` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Read-Only:

- `access_scope` (String) The access scope of the instance. (e.g. SNA)
- `acl` (List of String) The Access Control List (ACL) for the SQLServer Flex instance.
- `instance_address` (String) The returned instance IP address of the SQLServer Flex instance.
- `router_address` (String) The returned router IP address of the SQLServer Flex instance.


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `class` (String)
- `size` (Number)
