---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_sqlserverflex_instance Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SQLServer Flex instance data source schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_sqlserverflex_instance (Data Source)

SQLServer Flex instance data source schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_sqlserverflex_instance" "example" {
  project_id  = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  instance_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_id` (String) ID of the SQLServer Flex instance.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.

### Optional

- `encryption` (Attributes) Parameter to define which key to use for storage encryption. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption))
- `network` (Attributes) The network configuration of the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `acl` (List of String) The Access Control List (ACL) for the SQLServer Flex instance.
- `backup_schedule` (String) The backup schedule. Should follow the cron scheduling system format (e.g. "0 0 * * *").
- `edition` (String) Edition of the MSSQL server instance.
- `flavor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flavor))
- `flavor_id` (String) The flavor ID of the SQLServer Flex instance.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal data source. ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`instance_id`".
- `name` (String) Instance name.
- `options` (Attributes) Custom parameters for the SQLServer Flex instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `replicas` (Number)
- `retention_days` (Number) The days (30 to 90) for how long the backup files should be stored before cleaned up.
- `storage` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))
- `version` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption`

Read-Only:

- `kek_key_id` (String) UUID of the key within the STACKIT-KMS to use for the encryption.
- `kek_key_version` (String) Version of the key within the STACKIT-KMS to use for the encryption.
- `kek_keyring_id` (String) UUID of the keyring where the key is located within the STACKTI-KMS.
- `service_account` (String) Service-Account linked to the Key within the STACKIT-KMS.


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Optional:

- `access_scope` (String) The network access scope of the instance. This feature is in private preview. Supplying this object is only permitted for enabled accounts. If your account does not have access, the request will be rejected.

Read-Only:

- `acl` (List of String) List of IPV4 cidr.
- `instance_address` (List of String) Address of this instance.
- `router_address` (List of String) Address of the router.


<a id="nestedatt--flavor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flavor`

Read-Only:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `ram` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Read-Only:

- `edition` (String)
- `retention_days` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Read-Only:

- `class` (String)
- `size` (Number)
