---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_vpc_network_range Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VPC network range datasource schema
  ~> This datasource is part of the vpc experiment and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.
---

# stackit_vpc_network_range (Data Source)

VPC network range datasource schema

~> This datasource is part of the vpc experiment and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_vpc_network_range" "example" {
  project_id       = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  vpc_id           = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  network_range_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_range_id` (String)
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the VPC network range is associated.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID to which the VPC network range is associated.

### Optional

- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `default_prefix_length` (Number) Default prefix length for the VPC network range
- `description` (String) Description of the VPC network range
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource identifier. It is structured as "`project_id`,`vpc_id`,`region`,`network_range_id`".
- `ip_version` (String) IP version of the VPC network range. Possible values are: `ipv4`.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `max_prefix_length` (Number) Maximum prefix length for the VPC network range
- `min_prefix_length` (Number) Minimum prefix length for the VPC network range
- `nameservers` (List of String) List of nameservers for the VPC network range
- `prefix` (String) The IP prefix for the VPC network range

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
