---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_vpc_routing_table_static_route Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VPC Routing table static route datasource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> This datasource is part of the experimental feature vpc and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.
---

# stackit_vpc_routing_table_static_route (Data Source)

VPC Routing table static route datasource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> This datasource is part of the experimental feature vpc and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) STACKIT Project ID to which the static route is associated.
- `route_id` (String) The static route ID.
- `routing_table_id` (String) The routing table ID to which the static route is associated.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID to which the static route is associated.

### Optional

- `region` (String) The region of the static route.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `destination` (Object) The destination of the static route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`vpc_id`,`region`,`routing_table_id`,`route_id`".
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `nexthop` (Object) The nexthop of the static route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nexthop))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--nexthop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nexthop`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String)
- `value` (String)
