---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_vpc_routing_table Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VPC Regional routing table datasource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> This datasource is part of the experimental feature vpc and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.
---

# stackit_vpc_routing_table (Data Source)

VPC Regional routing table datasource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> This datasource is part of the experimental feature vpc and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_routing_table" "example" {
  project_id       = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  vpc_id           = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  routing_table_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the regional routing table is associated.
- `routing_table_id` (String) The regional routing tables ID.
- `vpc_id` (String) The vpc ID to which the regional routing table is associated.

### Optional

- `description` (String) Description of the regional routing table.
- `dynamic_routes` (Boolean) This controls whether dynamic routes are propagated to this regional routing table
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.
- `system_routes` (Boolean) This allows installation of automatic system routes for connectivity between projects in the same VPC.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`vpc_id`,`region`,`routing_table_id`".
- `name` (String) The name of the regional routing table.
