---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_vpn_gateway Data Source - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VPN Gateway data source schema. Uses the default_region specified in the provider configuration as a fallback in case no region is defined on datasource level.
---

# stackit_vpn_gateway (Data Source)

VPN Gateway data source schema. Uses the `default_region` specified in the provider configuration as a fallback in case no `region` is defined on datasource level.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "stackit_vpn_gateway" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  gateway_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `gateway_id` (String) The server-generated UUID of the VPN gateway.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID associated with the VPN gateway.

### Read-Only

- `availability_zones` (Attributes) Availability zones for the two tunnel endpoints. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--availability_zones))
- `bgp` (Attributes) BGP configuration. Only applicable when routing_type is BGP_ROUTE_BASED. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bgp))
- `display_name` (String) A user-friendly name for the VPN gateway.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource identifier. Structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`gateway_id`".
- `labels` (Map of String) Map of custom labels (key-value string pairs).
- `plan_id` (String) The service plan identifier (e.g. `p500`). For guidance on finding available plans, see [List available service plans](https://docs.stackit.cloud/products/network/connectivity-hybrid-multi-cloud/vpn/getting-started/gateway-create/#list-available-service-plans).
- `region` (String) STACKIT region name the resource is located in. If not defined, the provider region is used.
- `routing_type` (String) Routing architecture. Possible values are: `POLICY_BASED`, `ROUTE_BASED`, `BGP_ROUTE_BASED`.
- `state` (String) The current lifecycle state of the gateway. Possible values are: `PENDING`, `READY`, `ERROR`, `DELETING`.

<a id="nestedatt--availability_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `availability_zones`

Read-Only:

- `tunnel1` (String) Availability zone for tunnel 1.
- `tunnel2` (String) Availability zone for tunnel 2.


<a id="nestedatt--bgp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bgp`

Read-Only:

- `local_asn` (Number) Local ASN for BGP (private ASN range, 64512-4294967294).
- `override_advertised_routes` (List of String) List of IPv4 CIDRs to advertise via BGP.
