# STACKIT Terraform Provider

The STACKIT Terraform provider is the official Terraform provider to integrate all the resources developed by [STACKIT](https://www.stackit.de/en/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "stackit" {
  default_region = "eu01"
}

# Authentication

# Token flow (scheduled for deprecation and will be removed on December 17, 2025)
provider "stackit" {
  default_region        = "eu01"
  service_account_token = var.service_account_token
}

# Key flow
provider "stackit" {
  default_region      = "eu01"
  service_account_key = var.service_account_key
  private_key         = var.private_key
}

# Key flow (using path)
provider "stackit" {
  default_region           = "eu01"
  service_account_key_path = var.service_account_key_path
  private_key_path         = var.private_key_path
}
```

## Authentication

To authenticate, you will need a [service account](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/service-accounts-134415819.html). Create it in the [STACKIT Portal](https://portal.stackit.cloud/) and assign it the necessary permissions, e.g. `project.owner`. There are multiple ways to authenticate:

- Key flow (recommended)
- Token flow (is scheduled for deprecation and will be removed on December 17, 2025)

When setting up authentication, the provider will always try to use the key flow first and search for credentials in several locations, following a specific order:

1. Explicit configuration, e.g. by setting the field `service_account_key_path` in the provider block (see example below)
2. Environment variable, e.g. by setting `STACKIT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_PATH`
3. Credentials file

   The provider will check the credentials file located in the path defined by the `STACKIT_CREDENTIALS_PATH` env var, if specified,
   or in `$HOME/.stackit/credentials.json` as a fallback.
   The credentials should be set using the same name as the environment variables. Example:

   ```json
   {
     "STACKIT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN": "foo_token",
     "STACKIT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_PATH": "path/to/sa_key.json",
     "STACKIT_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH": "path/to/private_key.pem"
   }
   ```

### Key flow

    The following instructions assume that you have created a service account and assigned the necessary permissions to it, e.g. `project.owner`.

To use the key flow, you need to have a service account key, which must have an RSA key-pair attached to it.

When creating the service account key, a new pair can be created automatically, which will be included in the service account key. This will make it much easier to configure the key flow authentication in the [STACKIT Terraform Provider](https://github.com/stackitcloud/terraform-provider-stackit), by just providing the service account key.

**Optionally**, you can provide your own private key when creating the service account key, which will then require you to also provide it explicitly to the [STACKIT Terraform Provider](https://github.com/stackitcloud/terraform-provider-stackit), additionally to the service account key. Check the STACKIT Knowledge Base for an [example of how to create your own key-pair](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/usage-of-the-service-account-keys-in-stackit-175112464.html#UsageoftheserviceaccountkeysinSTACKIT-CreatinganRSAkey-pair).

To configure the key flow, follow this steps:

1.  Create a service account key:

- Use the [STACKIT Portal](https://portal.stackit.cloud/): go to the `Service Accounts` tab, choose a `Service Account` and go to `Service Account Keys` to create a key. For more details, see [Create a service account key](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/create-a-service-account-key-175112456.html)

2.  Save the content of the service account key by copying it and saving it in a JSON file.

    The expected format of the service account key is a **JSON** with the following structure:

```json
{
  "id": "uuid",
  "publicKey": "public key",
  "createdAt": "2023-08-24T14:15:22Z",
  "validUntil": "2023-08-24T14:15:22Z",
  "keyType": "USER_MANAGED",
  "keyOrigin": "USER_PROVIDED",
  "keyAlgorithm": "RSA_2048",
  "active": true,
  "credentials": {
    "kid": "string",
    "iss": "my-sa@sa.stackit.cloud",
    "sub": "uuid",
    "aud": "string",
    (optional) "privateKey": "private key when generated by the SA service"
  }
}
```

3. Configure the service account key for authentication in the provider by following one of the alternatives below:

   - setting the fields in the provider block: `service_account_key` or `service_account_key_path`
   - setting the environment variable: `STACKIT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_PATH`
   - setting `STACKIT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_KEY_PATH` in the credentials file (see above)

> **Optionally, only if you have provided your own RSA key-pair when creating the service account key**, you also need to configure your private key (takes precedence over the one included in the service account key, if present). **The private key must be PEM encoded** and can be provided using one of the options below:
>
> - setting the field in the provider block: `private_key` or `private_key_path`
> - setting the environment variable: `STACKIT_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH`
> - setting `STACKIT_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH` in the credentials file (see above)


### Token flow

> Is scheduled for deprecation and will be removed on December 17, 2025.

Using this flow is less secure since the token is long-lived. You can provide the token in several ways:

1. Setting the field `service_account_token` in the provider
2. Setting the environment variable `STACKIT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_TOKEN`
3. Setting it in the credentials file (see above)

# Backend configuration

To keep track of your terraform state, you can configure an [S3 backend](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/s3) using [STACKIT Object Storage](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/object-storage-s3-compatible-71009778.html).

To do so, you need an Object Storage [S3 bucket](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/basic-concept-objectstorage-71009785.html#BasicConceptObjectStorage-Buckets) and [credentials](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/basic-concept-objectstorage-71009785.html#BasicConceptObjectStorage-Credentials) to access it. If you need to create them, check [Getting Started - Object Storage](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/getting-started-objectstorage-71009792.html).

Once you have everything setup, you can configure the backend by adding the following block to your terraform configuration:

```
terraform {
  backend "s3" {
    bucket = "BUCKET_NAME"
    key    = "path/to/key"
    endpoints = {
      s3 = "https://object.storage.eu01.onstackit.cloud"
    }
    region                      = "eu01"
    skip_credentials_validation = true
    skip_region_validation      = true
    skip_s3_checksum            = true
    skip_requesting_account_id  = true
    secret_key                  = "SECRET_KEY"
    access_key                  = "ACCESS_KEY"
  }
}
```

Note: AWS specific checks must be skipped as they do not work on STACKIT. For details on what those validations do, see [here](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/settings/backends/s3#configuration).
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `authorization_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Membership service
- `cdn_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the CDN service
- `credentials_path` (String) Path of JSON from where the credentials are read. Takes precedence over the env var `STACKIT_CREDENTIALS_PATH`. Default value is `~/.stackit/credentials.json`.
- `default_region` (String) Region will be used as the default location for regional services. Not all services require a region, some are global
- `dns_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the DNS service
- `enable_beta_resources` (Boolean) Enable beta resources. Default is false.
- `experiments` (List of String) Enables experiments. These are unstable features without official support. More information can be found in the README. Available Experiments: iam, routing-tables, network
- `git_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Git service
- `iaas_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the IaaS service
- `kms_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the KMS service
- `loadbalancer_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Load Balancer service
- `logme_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the LogMe service
- `mariadb_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the MariaDB service
- `modelserving_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the AI Model Serving service
- `mongodbflex_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the MongoDB Flex service
- `objectstorage_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Object Storage service
- `observability_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Observability service
- `opensearch_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the OpenSearch service
- `postgresflex_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the PostgresFlex service
- `private_key` (String) Private RSA key used for authentication, relevant for the key flow. It takes precedence over the private key that is included in the service account key.
- `private_key_path` (String) Path for the private RSA key used for authentication, relevant for the key flow. It takes precedence over the private key that is included in the service account key.
- `rabbitmq_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the RabbitMQ service
- `redis_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Redis service
- `region` (String, Deprecated) Region will be used as the default location for regional services. Not all services require a region, some are global
- `resourcemanager_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Resource Manager service
- `scf_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Cloud Foundry (SCF) service
- `secretsmanager_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Secrets Manager service
- `server_backup_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Server Backup service
- `server_update_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Server Update service
- `service_account_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Service Account service
- `service_account_email` (String, Deprecated) Service account email. It can also be set using the environment variable STACKIT_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL. It is required if you want to use the resource manager project resource.
- `service_account_key` (String) Service account key used for authentication. If set, the key flow will be used to authenticate all operations.
- `service_account_key_path` (String) Path for the service account key used for authentication. If set, the key flow will be used to authenticate all operations.
- `service_account_token` (String, Deprecated) Token used for authentication. If set, the token flow will be used to authenticate all operations.
- `service_enablement_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Service Enablement API
- `ske_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the Kubernetes Engine (SKE) service
- `sqlserverflex_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the SQL Server Flex service
- `token_custom_endpoint` (String) Custom endpoint for the token API, which is used to request access tokens when using the key flow
