---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_alb_waf_managed_rule_set Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  ALB WAF Managed Rule Set resource schema. Uses the default_region specified in the provider configuration as a fallback in case no region is defined on resource level.
---

# stackit_alb_waf_managed_rule_set (Resource)

ALB WAF Managed Rule Set resource schema. Uses the `default_region` specified in the provider configuration as a fallback in case no `region` is defined on resource level.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_alb_waf_managed_rule_set" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example-managed-rule-set"
  type       = "TYPE_OWASP_CRS"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Managed Rule Set configuration name.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID associated with the ALB WAF Managed Rule Set.
- `type` (String) Set the Managed Rule Set type.

### Optional

- `region` (String) STACKIT region name the resource is located in. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `groups` (Attributes Map) Inventory of all available Managed Rule Set groups and their current configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource identifier. Structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`name`".
- `usage` (Attributes) Managed Rule Set usage (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage))
- `version` (String) Managed Rule Set version.

<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of what this group covers.
- `group_name` (String) The name for the rule group.
- `rules` (Attributes Map) Rules of the rule group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--groups--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups.rules`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) A description of what this rule does.
- `mode` (String) The current mode of the rule.
- `severity` (String) Impact level.



<a id="nestedatt--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage`

Read-Only:

- `count` (Number) Number of WAFs using this Managed Rule Set.
- `items` (List of String) List of WAFs that use this Managed Rule Set.
