---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_argus_instance Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Argus instance resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_argus_instance (Resource)

Argus instance resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_argus_instance" "example" {
  project_id                             = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name                                   = "example-instance"
  plan_name                              = "Monitoring-Medium-EU01"
  acl                                    = ["1.1.1.1/32", "2.2.2.2/32"]
  metrics_retention_days                 = 7
  metrics_retention_days_5m_downsampling = 30
  metrics_retention_days_1h_downsampling = 365
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Argus instance.
- `plan_name` (String) Specifies the Argus plan. E.g. `Monitoring-Medium-EU01`.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.

### Optional

- `acl` (Set of String) The access control list for this instance. Each entry is an IP address range that is permitted to access, in CIDR notation.
- `alert_config` (Attributes) Alert configuration for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config))
- `metrics_retention_days` (Number) Specifies for how many days the raw metrics are kept.
- `metrics_retention_days_1h_downsampling` (Number) Specifies for how many days the 1h downsampled metrics are kept. must be less than the value of the 5m downsampling retention. Default is set to `0` (disabled).
- `metrics_retention_days_5m_downsampling` (Number) Specifies for how many days the 5m downsampled metrics are kept. must be less than the value of the general retention. Default is set to `0` (disabled).
- `parameters` (Map of String) Additional parameters.

### Read-Only

- `alerting_url` (String) Specifies Alerting URL.
- `dashboard_url` (String) Specifies Argus instance dashboard URL.
- `grafana_initial_admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Specifies an initial Grafana admin password.
- `grafana_initial_admin_user` (String) Specifies an initial Grafana admin username.
- `grafana_public_read_access` (Boolean) If true, anyone can access Grafana dashboards without logging in.
- `grafana_url` (String) Specifies Grafana URL.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`instance_id`".
- `instance_id` (String) The Argus instance ID.
- `is_updatable` (Boolean) Specifies if the instance can be updated.
- `jaeger_traces_url` (String)
- `jaeger_ui_url` (String)
- `logs_push_url` (String) Specifies URL for pushing logs.
- `logs_url` (String) Specifies Logs URL.
- `metrics_push_url` (String) Specifies URL for pushing metrics.
- `metrics_url` (String) Specifies metrics URL.
- `otlp_traces_url` (String)
- `plan_id` (String) The Argus plan ID.
- `targets_url` (String) Specifies Targets URL.
- `zipkin_spans_url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config`

Required:

- `receivers` (Attributes List) List of alert receivers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers))
- `route` (Attributes) Route configuration for the alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--route))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the receiver.

Optional:

- `email_configs` (Attributes List) List of email configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--email_configs))
- `opsgenie_configs` (Attributes List) List of OpsGenie configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--opsgenie_configs))
- `webhooks_configs` (Attributes List) List of Webhooks configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--webhooks_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--email_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.email_configs`

Optional:

- `auth_identity` (String) SMTP authentication information. Must be a valid email address
- `auth_password` (String) SMTP authentication password.
- `auth_username` (String) SMTP authentication username.
- `from` (String) The sender email address. Must be a valid email address
- `smart_host` (String) The SMTP host through which emails are sent.
- `to` (String) The email address to send notifications to. Must be a valid email address


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--opsgenie_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.opsgenie_configs`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String) The API key for OpsGenie.
- `api_url` (String) The host to send OpsGenie API requests to. Must be a valid URL
- `tags` (String) Comma separated list of tags attached to the notifications.


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--webhooks_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.webhooks_configs`

Optional:

- `ms_teams` (Boolean) Microsoft Teams webhooks require special handling, set this to true if the webhook is for Microsoft Teams.
- `url` (String) The endpoint to send HTTP POST requests to. Must be a valid URL



<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.route`

Required:

- `receiver` (String) The name of the receiver to route the alerts to.
