---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_cdn_distribution Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CDN distribution data source schema.
  ~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our guide https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources for how to opt-in to use beta resources.
---

# stackit_cdn_distribution (Resource)

CDN distribution data source schema.

~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our [guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources) for how to opt-in to use beta resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_cdn_distribution" "example_distribution" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  config = {
    backend = {
      type       = "http"
      origin_url = "https://mybackend.onstackit.cloud"
      geofencing = {
        "https://mybackend.onstackit.cloud" = ["DE"]
      }
    }
    regions           = ["EU", "US", "ASIA", "AF", "SA"]
    blocked_countries = ["DE", "AT", "CH"]

    optimizer = {
      enabled = true
    }
  }
}

resource "stackit_cdn_distribution" "example_bucket_distribution" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  config = {
    backend = {
      type       = "bucket"
      bucket_url = "https://my-test.object.storage.eu01.onstackit.cloud"
      region     = "eu01"

      # Credentials are required for bucket backends
      # It is strongly recommended to use variables for secrets
      credentials = {
        access_key_id     = var.bucket_access_key
        secret_access_key = var.bucket_secret_key
      }
    }
    regions           = ["EU", "US"]
    blocked_countries = ["CN", "RU"]

    optimizer = {
      enabled = false
    }

    redirects = {
      rules = [
        {
          description          = "test redirect"
          enabled              = true
          rule_match_condition = "ANY"
          status_code          = 302
          target_url           = "https://stackit.de/"
          matchers = [
            {
              values                = ["*/otherPath/"]
              value_match_condition = "ANY"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }

    # WAF Configuration
    # 
    # Precedence Hierarchy: Specific Rules > Groups > Collections
    # In this example, the entire "@builtin/crs/request" collection is ENABLED.
    # However, because specific Rule IDs have a higher precedence, the rule 
    # "@builtin/crs/request/942151" is explicitly DISABLED, overriding the collection setting.
    # 
    # To view all available collections, groups, and rules, consult the API documentation:
    # https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
    waf = {
      mode                          = "ENABLED"
      type                          = "PREMIUM"
      paranoia_level                = "L1"
      allowed_http_versions         = ["HTTP/1.0", "HTTP/1.1"]
      allowed_http_methods          = ["GET"]
      allowed_request_content_types = ["text/plain"]

      # Collections
      enabled_rule_collection_ids  = ["@builtin/crs/request"]
      disabled_rule_collection_ids = []
      log_only_rule_collection_ids = ["@builtin/crs/response"]

      # Groups
      enabled_rule_group_ids  = []
      disabled_rule_group_ids = []
      log_only_rule_group_ids = []

      # Specific Rules (Highest Precedence)
      enabled_rule_ids  = ["@builtin/crs/request/913100"]
      disabled_rule_ids = ["@builtin/crs/request/942151"]
      log_only_rule_ids = ["@builtin/crs/response/954120"]
    }
  }
}

# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing cdn distribution
import {
  to = stackit_cdn_distribution.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.distribution_id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Attributes) The distribution configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID associated with the distribution

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Time when the distribution was created
- `distribution_id` (String) CDN distribution ID
- `domains` (Attributes List) List of configured domains for the distribution (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--domains))
- `errors` (List of String) List of distribution errors
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource identifier. It is structured as "`project_id`,`distribution_id`".
- `status` (String) Status of the distribution
- `updated_at` (String) Time when the distribution was last updated

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `backend` (Attributes) The configured backend for the distribution (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--backend))
- `regions` (List of String) The configured regions where content will be hosted

Optional:

- `blocked_countries` (List of String) The configured countries where distribution of content is blocked
- `optimizer` (Attributes) Configuration for the Image Optimizer. This is a paid feature that automatically optimizes images to reduce their file size for faster delivery, leading to improved website performance and a better user experience. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--optimizer))
- `redirects` (Attributes) A wrapper for a list of redirect rules that allows for redirect settings on a distribution (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redirects))
- `waf` (Attributes) Configuration of the Web Application Firewall (WAF) for the distribution. Removing this block from your configuration will completely disable the WAF. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--waf))

<a id="nestedatt--config--backend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backend`

Required:

- `type` (String) The configured backend type. Possible values are: `http`, `bucket`.

Optional:

- `bucket_url` (String) The URL of the bucket (e.g. https://s3.example.com). Required if type is 'bucket'.
- `credentials` (Attributes) The credentials for the bucket. Required if type is 'bucket'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--backend--credentials))
- `geofencing` (Map of List of String) The configured type http to configure countries where content is allowed. A map of URLs to a list of countries
- `origin_request_headers` (Map of String) The configured type http origin request headers for the backend
- `origin_url` (String) The configured backend type http for the distribution
- `region` (String) The region where the bucket is hosted. Required if type is 'bucket'.

<a id="nestedatt--config--backend--credentials"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.backend.credentials`

Required:

- `access_key_id` (String, Sensitive) The access key for the bucket. Required if type is 'bucket'.
- `secret_access_key` (String, Sensitive) The access key for the bucket. Required if type is 'bucket'.



<a id="nestedatt--config--optimizer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.optimizer`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--config--redirects"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redirects`

Required:

- `rules` (Attributes List) A list of redirect rules. The order of rules matters for evaluation (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redirects--rules))

<a id="nestedatt--config--redirects--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redirects.rules`

Required:

- `matchers` (Attributes List) A list of matchers that define when this rule should apply. At least one matcher is required (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config--redirects--rules--matchers))
- `status_code` (Number) The HTTP status code for the redirect. Must be one of 301, 302, 303, 307, or 308.
- `target_url` (String) The target URL to redirect to. Must be a valid URI

Optional:

- `description` (String) An optional description for the redirect rule
- `enabled` (Boolean) A toggle to enable or disable the redirect rule. Default to true
- `rule_match_condition` (String) Defines how multiple matchers within this rule are combined (ALL, ANY, NONE). Defaults to ANY.

<a id="nestedatt--config--redirects--rules--matchers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.redirects.rules.matchers`

Required:

- `values` (List of String) A list of glob patterns to match against the request path. At least one value is required. Examples: "/shop/*" or "*/img/*"

Optional:

- `value_match_condition` (String) Defines how multiple matchers within this rule are combined (ALL, ANY, NONE). Defaults to ANY.




<a id="nestedatt--config--waf"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config.waf`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The operating mode of the WAF. 'ENABLED' actively blocks threats, 'LOG_ONLY' logs matches without blocking, and 'DISABLED' completely turns off inspection. Defaults to 'DISABLED'.
- `type` (String) The tier of the WAF. Valid values are 'FREE' or 'PREMIUM'. Defaults to 'FREE'.

Optional:

- `allowed_http_methods` (Set of String) Restricts which HTTP methods the distribution accepts. If provided, the set must contain at least one item. If omitted, the API applies the following defaults: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
- `allowed_http_versions` (Set of String) Restricts which HTTP protocol versions are accepted. If provided, the set must contain at least one item. If omitted, the API applies the following defaults: `HTTP/1.0`, `HTTP/1.1`, `HTTP/2`, `HTTP/2.0`.
- `allowed_request_content_types` (Set of String) Restricts which Content-Type headers are accepted in request bodies. If provided, the set must contain at least one item. If omitted, the API applies the following defaults: `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`, `multipart/form-data`, `multipart/related`, `text/xml`, `application/xml`, `application/soap+xml`, `application/x-amf`, `application/json`, `application/octet-stream`, `application/csp-report`, `application/xss-auditor-report`, `text/plain`.
- `disabled_rule_collection_ids` (Set of String) Set of WAF Collection IDs explicitly disabled. Can be set to an empty set to clear previously set rules. To view available rule collections, please consult the API documentation: https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `disabled_rule_group_ids` (Set of String) Set of WAF Rule Group IDs explicitly disabled. Can be set to an empty set to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Groups override Collections. To view available rule groups, please consult the API documentation: https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `disabled_rule_ids` (Set of String) Set of WAF rule IDs explicitly disabled. Can be set to an empty set to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups. For example, an explicitly disabled Rule ID takes precedence over an enabled Group ID. To view available rules, please consult the API documentation: https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `enabled_rule_collection_ids` (Set of String) Set of WAF Collection IDs explicitly enabled. Can be set to an empty set to clear previously set rules. To view available rule collections, please consult the API documentation: https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `enabled_rule_group_ids` (Set of String) Set of WAF Rule Group IDs explicitly enabled. Can be set to an empty set to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Groups override Collections. To view available rule groups, please consult the API documentation: https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `enabled_rule_ids` (Set of String) Set of WAF rule IDs explicitly enabled. Can be set to an empty set to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups. For example, an explicitly enabled Rule ID takes precedence over a disabled Group ID. To view available rules, please consult the API documentation: https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `log_only_rule_collection_ids` (Set of String) Set of WAF Collection IDs explicitly marked as Log Only. Can be set to an empty set to clear previously set rules. To view available rule collections, please consult the API documentation: https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `log_only_rule_group_ids` (Set of String) Set of WAF Rule Group IDs explicitly marked as Log Only. Can be set to an empty set to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Groups override Collections. To view available rule groups, please consult the API documentation: https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `log_only_rule_ids` (Set of String) Set of WAF rule IDs explicitly marked as Log Only. Can be set to an empty set to clear previously set rules. Precedence hierarchy: Specific Rules override Groups. To view available rules, please consult the API documentation: https://docs.api.eu01.stackit.cloud/documentation/cdn/version/v1#tag/WAF/operation/ListWafCollections
- `paranoia_level` (String) Defines how aggressively the WAF should act on requests. Valid values are 'L1' to 'L4'. Defaults to 'L1'.



<a id="nestedatt--domains"></a>
### Nested Schema for `domains`

Read-Only:

- `errors` (List of String) List of domain errors
- `name` (String) The name of the domain
- `status` (String) The status of the domain
- `type` (String) The type of the domain. Each distribution has one domain of type "managed", and domains of type "custom" may be additionally created by the user
