---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_dns_zone Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DNS Zone resource schema.
---

# stackit_dns_zone (Resource)

DNS Zone resource schema.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_dns_zone" "example" {
  project_id    = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name          = "Example zone"
  dns_name      = "example-zone.com"
  contact_email = "aa@bb.ccc"
  type          = "primary"
  acl           = "192.168.0.0/24"
  description   = "Example description"
  default_ttl   = 1230
}

# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing dns zone
import {
  to = stackit_dns_zone.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.zone_id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dns_name` (String) The zone name. E.g. `example.com`
- `name` (String) The user given name of the zone.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the dns zone is associated.

### Optional

- `acl` (String) The access control list. E.g. `0.0.0.0/0,::/0`
- `active` (Boolean)
- `contact_email` (String) A contact e-mail for the zone.
- `default_ttl` (Number) Default time to live. E.g. 3600.
- `description` (String) Description of the zone.
- `expire_time` (Number) Expire time. E.g. 1209600.
- `is_reverse_zone` (Boolean) Specifies, if the zone is a reverse zone or not. Defaults to `false`
- `negative_cache` (Number) Negative caching. E.g. 60
- `primaries` (List of String) Primary name server for secondary zone. E.g. ["1.2.3.4"]
- `refresh_time` (Number) Refresh time. E.g. 3600
- `retry_time` (Number) Retry time. E.g. 600
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `type` (String) Zone type. Defaults to `primary`. Possible values are: `primary`, `secondary`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`zone_id`".
- `primary_name_server` (String) Primary name server. FQDN.
- `record_count` (Number) Record count how many records are in the zone.
- `serial_number` (Number) Serial number. E.g. `2022111400`.
- `state` (String) Zone state. E.g. `CREATE_SUCCEEDED`.
- `visibility` (String) Visibility of the zone. E.g. `public`.
- `zone_id` (String) The zone ID.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
