---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_dns_record_set Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  DNS Record Set Resource schema.
---

# stackit_dns_record_set (Resource)

DNS Record Set Resource schema.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_dns_record_set" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  zone_id    = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example-record-set"
  type       = "A"
  comment    = "Example comment"
  records    = ["1.2.3.4"]
}

# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing dns record set
import {
  to = stackit_dns_record_set.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.zone_id},${var.record_set_id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the record which should be a valid domain according to rfc1035 Section 2.3.4. E.g. `example.com`
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the dns record set is associated.
- `records` (List of String) Records.
- `type` (String) The record set type. E.g. `A` or `CNAME`
- `zone_id` (String) The zone ID to which is dns record set is associated.

### Optional

- `active` (Boolean) Specifies if the record set is active or not. Defaults to `true`
- `comment` (String) Comment.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `ttl` (Number) Time to live. E.g. 3600

### Read-Only

- `error` (String) Error shows error in case create/update/delete failed.
- `fqdn` (String) Fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the record set.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`zone_id`,`record_set_id`".
- `record_set_id` (String) The rr set id.
- `state` (String) Record set state.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
