---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_dremio_instance Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a STACKIT Dremio instance.
  ~> This resource is part of the dremio experiment and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.
---

# stackit_dremio_instance (Resource)

Manages a STACKIT Dremio instance.

~> This resource is part of the dremio experiment and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_dremio_instance" "example" {
  project_id   = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  region       = "eu01"
  display_name = "exampleName"
  description  = "Example description"
  authentication = {
    type = "local-only" // "oauth" or "azuread" for IDP config

    oauth = { // only needed if "oauth" is given as type
      authority_url = "authority"
      client_id     = "client-id"
      client_secret = "client-secret"
      jwt_claims = {
        user_name = "example"
      }
      scope = "idp-scope"
      parameters = [
        { "name" : "example", "value" : "example-value" }
      ]
    }

    azuread = { // only needed if "azuread" is given as type
      authority_url = "authority"
      client_id     = "client-id"
      client_secret = "client-secret"
    }
  }
}

import {
  to = stackit_dremio_instance.import_example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.region},${var.instance_id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authentication` (Attributes) Dremio instance authentication settings. A change here triggers a Dremio restart and will incur downtime. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication))
- `display_name` (String) The display name is a short name chosen by the user to identify the resource.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT Project ID to which the resource is associated.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description is a longer text chosen by the user to provide more context for the resource.
- `error_message` (String) A message describing an actionable error the user can resolve. This field is empty if no such error exists.
- `region` (String) The STACKIT region name the resource is located in. If not defined, the provider region is used.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `endpoints` (Attributes) The available endpoints of the Dremio instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource identifier. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`instance_id`".
- `instance_id` (String) The Dremio instance ID.
- `state` (String) The current state of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of authentication (local-only, azuread, oauth).

Optional:

- `azuread` (Attributes) Azure Active Directory authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--azuread))
- `oauth` (Attributes) OIDC authentication configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--azuread"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.azuread`

Required:

- `authority_url` (String) The Azure AD authority URL.
- `client_id` (String) The Azure AD client ID.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The Azure AD client secret.

Read-Only:

- `redirect_url` (String) The Azure AD redirect URL.


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth`

Required:

- `authority_url` (String) The Issuer location URI, where the OIDC provider configuration can be found.
- `client_id` (String) The client ID assigned by the Identity Provider.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The client secret generated by the Identity Provider.
- `jwt_claims` (Attributes) Maps fields from the JWT token to fields Dremio requires. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--jwt_claims))

Optional:

- `parameters` (Attributes List) Any additional parameters the Identity Provider requires. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--oauth--parameters))
- `scope` (String) A list of space-separated scopes. The `openid` scope is always required; other scopes can vary by provider.

Read-Only:

- `redirect_url` (String) The URL where the Dremio instance is hosted. The URL must match the redirect URL set in the Identity Provider.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--jwt_claims"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.jwt_claims`

Required:

- `user_name` (String) Mapped user name claim (e.g. email).


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--oauth--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.oauth.parameters`

Required:

- `name` (String) Parameter name.
- `value` (String) Parameter value.




<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `arrow_flight` (String) The arrow flight endpoint of the Dremio instance.
- `catalog` (String) The Apache Iceberg endpoint of the Dremio instance.
- `ui` (String) The UI endpoint of the Dremio instance.
