---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_dremio_user Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a STACKIT Dremio instances user.
  ~> This resource is part of the experimental feature dremio and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.
---

# stackit_dremio_user (Resource)

Manages a STACKIT Dremio instances user.

~> This resource is part of the experimental feature dremio and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_dremio_user" "example" {
  project_id  = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  region      = "eu01"
  instance_id = "example-instance-id"

  description = "STACKIT Terraform example"
  email       = "example@example.com"
  first_name  = "Test"
  last_name   = "User"
  name        = "testUser"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The email address of the user.
- `first_name` (String) The first name of the user.
- `instance_id` (String) The Dremio instance ID.
- `last_name` (String) The last name of the user.
- `name` (String) The username of the user.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the user. Only used for creation and updates. Must be at least 8 characters long and contain at least one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one number and one special character.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT Project ID to which the resource is associated.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the user.
- `region` (String) The STACKIT region name the resource is located in. If not defined, the provider region is used.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource identifier. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`instance_id`,`user_id`".
- `user_id` (String) The Dremio user ID.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [` + "`" + `import` + "`" + ` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the ` + "`" + `id` + "`" + ` attribute, for example:

```terraform
import {
  to = stackit_dremio_user.import_example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.region},${var.instance_id},${var.user_id}"
}
```
