---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_image Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Image resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_image (Resource)

Image resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_image" "example_image" {
  project_id      = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name            = "example-image"
  disk_format     = "qcow2"
  local_file_path = "./path/to/image.qcow2"
  min_disk_size   = 10
  min_ram         = 5
}

# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing image
# Must set a configuration value for the local_file_path attribute as the provider has marked it as required.
# Since this attribute is not fetched in general from the API call, after adding it this would replace your image resource after an terraform apply.
# In order to prevent this you need to add:
#lifecycle {
#    ignore_changes = [ local_file_path ]
#  }
import {
  to = stackit_image.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.region},${var.image_id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `disk_format` (String) The disk format of the image.
- `local_file_path` (String) The filepath of the raw image file to be uploaded.
- `name` (String) The name of the image.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the image is associated.

### Optional

- `config` (Attributes) Properties to set hardware and scheduling settings for an image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `min_disk_size` (Number) The minimum disk size of the image in GB.
- `min_ram` (Number) The minimum RAM of the image in MB.
- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `checksum` (Attributes) Representation of an image checksum. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--checksum))
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`image_id`".
- `image_id` (String) The image ID.
- `protected` (Boolean) Whether the image is protected.
- `scope` (String) The scope of the image.

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Optional:

- `boot_menu` (Boolean) Enables the BIOS bootmenu.
- `cdrom_bus` (String) Sets CDROM bus controller type.
- `disk_bus` (String) Sets Disk bus controller type.
- `nic_model` (String) Sets virtual network interface model.
- `operating_system` (String) Enables operating system specific optimizations.
- `operating_system_distro` (String) Operating system distribution.
- `operating_system_version` (String) Version of the operating system.
- `rescue_bus` (String) Sets the device bus when the image is used as a rescue image.
- `rescue_device` (String) Sets the device when the image is used as a rescue image.
- `secure_boot` (Boolean) Enables Secure Boot.
- `uefi` (Boolean) Enables UEFI boot.
- `video_model` (String) Sets Graphic device model.
- `virtio_scsi` (Boolean) Enables the use of VirtIO SCSI to provide block device access. By default instances use VirtIO Block.


<a id="nestedatt--checksum"></a>
### Nested Schema for `checksum`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) Algorithm for the checksum of the image data.
- `digest` (String) Hexdigest of the checksum of the image data.
