---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_kms_wrapping_key Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  KMS wrapping key resource schema.
---

# stackit_kms_wrapping_key (Resource)

KMS wrapping key resource schema.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_kms_wrapping_key" "example" {
  project_id   = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  keyring_id   = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  display_name = "example-name"
  protection   = "software"
  algorithm    = "rsa_2048_oaep_sha256"
  purpose      = "wrap_symmetric_key"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `algorithm` (String) The wrapping algorithm used to wrap the key to import. Possible values are: `rsa_2048_oaep_sha256`, `rsa_3072_oaep_sha256`, `rsa_4096_oaep_sha256`, `rsa_4096_oaep_sha512`, `rsa_2048_oaep_sha256_aes_256_key_wrap`, `rsa_3072_oaep_sha256_aes_256_key_wrap`, `rsa_4096_oaep_sha256_aes_256_key_wrap`, `rsa_4096_oaep_sha512_aes_256_key_wrap`.
- `display_name` (String) The display name to distinguish multiple wrapping keys.
- `keyring_id` (String) The ID of the associated keyring
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the keyring is associated.
- `protection` (String) The underlying system that is responsible for protecting the key material. Possible values are: `software`.
- `purpose` (String) The purpose for which the key will be used. Possible values are: `wrap_symmetric_key`, `wrap_asymmetric_key`.

### Optional

- `access_scope` (String) The access scope of the key. Default is `PUBLIC`. Possible values are: `PUBLIC`, `SNA`.
- `description` (String) A user chosen description to distinguish multiple wrapping keys.
- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The date and time the creation of the wrapping key was triggered.
- `expires_at` (String) The date and time the wrapping key will expire.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`keyring_id`,`wrapping_key_id`".
- `public_key` (String) The public key of the wrapping key.
- `wrapping_key_id` (String) The ID of the wrapping key
