---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_logme_instance Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  LogMe instance resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_logme_instance (Resource)

LogMe instance resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_logme_instance" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example-instance"
  version    = "10"
  plan_name  = "example-plan-name"
  parameters = {
    sgw_acl = "x.x.x.x/x,y.y.y.y/y"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Instance name.
- `plan_name` (String) The selected plan name.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.
- `version` (String) The service version.

### Optional

- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `cf_guid` (String)
- `cf_organization_guid` (String)
- `cf_space_guid` (String)
- `dashboard_url` (String)
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`instance_id`".
- `image_url` (String)
- `instance_id` (String) ID of the LogMe instance.
- `plan_id` (String) The selected plan ID.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `enable_monitoring` (Boolean) Enable monitoring.
- `fluentd_tcp` (Number)
- `fluentd_tls` (Number)
- `fluentd_tls_ciphers` (String)
- `fluentd_tls_max_version` (String)
- `fluentd_tls_min_version` (String)
- `fluentd_tls_version` (String)
- `fluentd_udp` (Number)
- `graphite` (String) If set, monitoring with Graphite will be enabled. Expects the host and port where the Graphite metrics should be sent to (host:port).
- `ism_deletion_after` (String) Combination of an integer and a timerange when an index will be considered "old" and can be deleted. Possible values for the timerange are `s`, `m`, `h` and `d`.
- `ism_jitter` (Number)
- `ism_job_interval` (Number) Jitter of the execution time.
- `java_heapspace` (Number) The amount of memory (in MB) allocated as heap by the JVM for OpenSearch.
- `java_maxmetaspace` (Number) The amount of memory (in MB) used by the JVM to store metadata for OpenSearch.
- `max_disk_threshold` (Number) The maximum disk threshold in MB. If the disk usage exceeds this threshold, the instance will be stopped.
- `metrics_frequency` (Number) The frequency in seconds at which metrics are emitted (in seconds).
- `metrics_prefix` (String) The prefix for the metrics. Could be useful when using Graphite monitoring to prefix the metrics with a certain value, like an API key.
- `monitoring_instance_id` (String) The ID of the monitoring instance. Required if `enable_monitoring` is set to `true`.
- `opensearch_tls_ciphers` (List of String)
- `opensearch_tls_protocols` (List of String)
- `sgw_acl` (String) Comma separated list of IP networks in CIDR notation which are allowed to access this instance.
- `syslog` (List of String) List of syslog servers to send logs to.
- `syslog_use_udp` (String)
