---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_mariadb_instance Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  MariaDB instance resource schema. Uses the default_region specified in the provider configuration as a fallback in case no region is defined on resource level.
---

# stackit_mariadb_instance (Resource)

MariaDB instance resource schema. Uses the `default_region` specified in the provider configuration as a fallback in case no `region` is defined on resource level.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_mariadb_instance" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example-instance"
  version    = "10.11"
  plan_name  = "stackit-mariadb-1.2.10-replica"
  parameters = {
    sgw_acl = "193.148.160.0/19,45.129.40.0/21,45.135.244.0/22"
  }
}

# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing mariadb instance
import {
  to = stackit_mariadb_instance.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.mariadb_instance_id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Instance name.
- `plan_name` (String) The selected plan name.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.
- `version` (String) The service version.

### Optional

- `parameters` (Attributes) Configuration parameters. Please note that removing a previously configured field from your Terraform configuration won't replace its value in the API. To update a previously configured field, explicitly set a new value for it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `cf_guid` (String)
- `cf_organization_guid` (String)
- `cf_space_guid` (String)
- `dashboard_url` (String)
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`instance_id`".
- `image_url` (String)
- `instance_id` (String) ID of the MariaDB instance.
- `plan_id` (String) The selected plan ID.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `enable_monitoring` (Boolean) Enable monitoring.
- `graphite` (String) Graphite server URL (host and port). If set, monitoring with Graphite will be enabled.
- `max_disk_threshold` (Number) The maximum disk threshold in MB. If the disk usage exceeds this threshold, the instance will be stopped.
- `metrics_frequency` (Number) The frequency in seconds at which metrics are emitted.
- `metrics_prefix` (String) The prefix for the metrics. Could be useful when using Graphite monitoring to prefix the metrics with a certain value, like an API key
- `monitoring_instance_id` (String) The ID of the STACKIT monitoring instance. Monitoring instances with the plan "Observability-Monitoring-Starter" are not supported.
- `sgw_acl` (String) Comma separated list of IP networks in CIDR notation which are allowed to access this instance.
- `syslog` (List of String) List of syslog servers to send logs to.
