---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_network_interface Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Network interface resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our guide https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources for how to opt-in to use beta resources.
---

# stackit_network_interface (Resource)

Network interface resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our [guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources) for how to opt-in to use beta resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_network_interface" "example" {
  project_id        = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  network_id        = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  allowed_addresses = ["1.2.3.4"]
  security_groups   = ["xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `network_id` (String) The network ID to which the network interface is associated.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the network is associated.

### Optional

- `allowed_addresses` (List of String) The list of CIDR (Classless Inter-Domain Routing) notations.
- `ipv4` (String) The IPv4 address.
- `ipv6` (String) The IPv6 address.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a network interface.
- `name` (String) The name of the network interface.
- `security` (Boolean) The Network Interface Security. If set to false, then no security groups will apply to this network interface.
- `security_groups` (List of String) The list of security group UUIDs.

### Read-Only

- `device` (String) The device UUID of the network interface.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`network_id`,`network_interface_id`".
- `mac` (String) The MAC address of network interface.
- `network_interface_id` (String) The network interface ID.
- `type` (String) Type of network interface. Some of the possible values are: Supported values are: `server`, `metadata`, `gateway`.
