---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_network Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Network resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_network (Resource)

Network resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_network" "example" {
  project_id         = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name               = "example-network"
  ipv4_nameservers   = ["1.2.3.4", "5.6.7.8"]
  ipv4_prefix_length = 24
  ipv4_gateway       = "10.1.2.1"
  ipv4_prefix        = "10.1.2.0/24"
  labels = {
    "key" = "value"
  }
  routed = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the network.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the network is associated.

### Optional

- `ipv4_gateway` (String) The IPv4 gateway of a network. If not specified, the first IP of the network will be assigned as the gateway.
- `ipv4_nameservers` (List of String) The IPv4 nameservers of the network.
- `ipv4_prefix` (String) The IPv4 prefix of the network (CIDR).
- `ipv4_prefix_length` (Number) The IPv4 prefix length of the network.
- `ipv6_gateway` (String) The IPv6 gateway of a network. If not specified, the first IP of the network will be assigned as the gateway.
- `ipv6_nameservers` (List of String) The IPv6 nameservers of the network.
- `ipv6_prefix` (String) The IPv6 prefix of the network (CIDR).
- `ipv6_prefix_length` (Number) The IPv6 prefix length of the network.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `nameservers` (List of String, Deprecated) This field is deprecated and will be removed after April 28th 2025, use `ipv4_nameservers` to configure the nameservers for the IPv4 networks.
- `routed` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the network is routed and therefore accessible from other networks.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`network_id`".
- `ipv4_prefixes` (List of String) The IPv4 prefixes of the network.
- `ipv6_prefixes` (List of String) The IPv6 prefixes of the network.
- `network_id` (String) The network ID.
- `prefixes` (List of String, Deprecated) This field is deprecated and will be removed after April 28th 2025, use `ipv4_prefixes` to read the prefixes of the IPv4 networks.
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP of the network.
