---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_network_area_route Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Network area route resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_network_area_route (Resource)

Network area route resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_network_area_route" "example" {
  organization_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  network_area_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  destination = {
    type  = "cidrv4"
    value = "192.168.0.0/24"
  }
  next_hop = {
    type  = "ipv4"
    value = "192.168.0.0"
  }
  labels = {
    "key" = "value"
  }
}

# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing network area route
import {
  to = stackit_network_area_route.import-example
  id = "${var.organization_id},${var.network_area_id},${var.region},${var.network_area_route_id}"
}
```

## Migration of IaaS resources from versions <= v0.74.0

The release of the STACKIT IaaS API v2 provides a lot of new features, but also includes some breaking changes
(when coming from v1 of the STACKIT IaaS API) which must be somehow represented on Terraform side. The 
`stackit_network_area_route` resource did undergo some changes. See the example below how to migrate your resources.

### Breaking change: Network area route resource (stackit_network_area_route)

**Configuration for <= v0.74.0**

```terraform
resource "stackit_network_area_route" "example" {
  organization_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  network_area_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  prefix          = "192.168.0.0/24" # prefix field got removed for provider versions > v0.74.0, use the new destination field instead
  next_hop        = "192.168.0.0" # schema of the next_hop field changed, see below
}
```

**Configuration for > v0.74.0**

```terraform
resource "stackit_network_area_route" "example" {
  organization_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  network_area_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  destination = { # the new 'destination' field replaces the old 'prefix' field
    type  = "cidrv4"
    value = "192.168.0.0/24" # migration: put the value of the old 'prefix' field here
  }
  next_hop = {
    type  = "ipv4"
    value = "192.168.0.0" # migration: put the value of the old 'next_hop' field here
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination` (Attributes) Destination of the route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `network_area_id` (String) The network area ID to which the network area route is associated.
- `next_hop` (Attributes) Next hop destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--next_hop))
- `organization_id` (String) STACKIT organization ID to which the network area is associated.

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`organization_id`,`network_area_id`,`region`,`network_area_route_id`".
- `network_area_route_id` (String) The network area route ID.

<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Required:

- `type` (String) CIDRV type. Possible values are: `cidrv4`, `cidrv6`. Only `cidrv4` is supported currently.
- `value` (String) An CIDR string.


<a id="nestedatt--next_hop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `next_hop`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the next hop. Possible values are: `blackhole`, `internet`, `ipv4`, `ipv6`. Only `ipv4` supported currently.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Either IPv4 or IPv6 (not set for blackhole and internet). Only IPv4 supported currently.

