---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_observability_instance Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Observability instance resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_observability_instance (Resource)

Observability instance resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_observability_instance" "example" {
  project_id                             = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name                                   = "example-instance"
  plan_name                              = "Observability-Starter-EU01"
  acl                                    = ["1.1.1.1/32", "2.2.2.2/32"]
  logs_retention_days                    = 30
  traces_retention_days                  = 30
  metrics_retention_days                 = 90
  metrics_retention_days_5m_downsampling = 90
  metrics_retention_days_1h_downsampling = 90
}

# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing observability instance
import {
  to = stackit_observability_instance.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.observability_instance_id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Observability instance.
- `plan_name` (String) Specifies the Observability plan. E.g. `Observability-Monitoring-Medium-EU01`.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.

### Optional

- `acl` (Set of String) The access control list for this instance. Each entry is an IP address range that is permitted to access, in CIDR notation.
- `alert_config` (Attributes) Alert configuration for the instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config))
- `logs_retention_days` (Number) Specifies for how many days the logs are kept. Default is set to `7`.
- `metrics_retention_days` (Number) Specifies for how many days the raw metrics are kept. Default is set to `90`.
- `metrics_retention_days_1h_downsampling` (Number) Specifies for how many days the 1h downsampled metrics are kept. must be less than the value of the 5m downsampling retention. Default is set to `90`.
- `metrics_retention_days_5m_downsampling` (Number) Specifies for how many days the 5m downsampled metrics are kept. must be less than the value of the general retention. Default is set to `90`.
- `parameters` (Map of String) Additional parameters.
- `traces_retention_days` (Number) Specifies for how many days the traces are kept. Default is set to `7`.

### Read-Only

- `alerting_url` (String) Specifies Alerting URL.
- `dashboard_url` (String) Specifies Observability instance dashboard URL.
- `grafana_initial_admin_password` (String, Sensitive) Specifies an initial Grafana admin password.
- `grafana_initial_admin_user` (String) Specifies an initial Grafana admin username.
- `grafana_public_read_access` (Boolean) If true, anyone can access Grafana dashboards without logging in.
- `grafana_url` (String) Specifies Grafana URL.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`instance_id`".
- `instance_id` (String) The Observability instance ID.
- `is_updatable` (Boolean) Specifies if the instance can be updated.
- `jaeger_traces_url` (String)
- `jaeger_ui_url` (String)
- `logs_push_url` (String) Specifies URL for pushing logs.
- `logs_url` (String) Specifies Logs URL.
- `metrics_push_url` (String) Specifies URL for pushing metrics.
- `metrics_url` (String) Specifies metrics URL.
- `otlp_traces_url` (String)
- `plan_id` (String) The Observability plan ID.
- `targets_url` (String) Specifies Targets URL.
- `zipkin_spans_url` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config`

Required:

- `receivers` (Attributes List) List of alert receivers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers))
- `route` (Attributes) Route configuration for the alerts. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--route))

Optional:

- `global` (Attributes) Global configuration for the alerts. If nothing passed the default argus config will be used. It is only possible to update the entire global part, not individual attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--global))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the receiver.

Optional:

- `email_configs` (Attributes List) List of email configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--email_configs))
- `opsgenie_configs` (Attributes List) List of OpsGenie configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--opsgenie_configs))
- `webhooks_configs` (Attributes List) List of Webhooks configurations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--webhooks_configs))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--email_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.email_configs`

Optional:

- `auth_identity` (String) SMTP authentication information. Must be a valid email address
- `auth_password` (String, Sensitive) SMTP authentication password.
- `auth_username` (String) SMTP authentication username.
- `from` (String) The sender email address. Must be a valid email address
- `send_resolved` (Boolean) Whether to notify about resolved alerts.
- `smart_host` (String) The SMTP host through which emails are sent.
- `to` (String) The email address to send notifications to. Must be a valid email address


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--opsgenie_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.opsgenie_configs`

Optional:

- `api_key` (String) The API key for OpsGenie.
- `api_url` (String) The host to send OpsGenie API requests to. Must be a valid URL
- `priority` (String) Priority of the alert. Possible values are: `P1`, `P2`, `P3`, `P4`, `P5`.
- `send_resolved` (Boolean) Whether to notify about resolved alerts.
- `tags` (String) Comma separated list of tags attached to the notifications.


<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--receivers--webhooks_configs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.receivers.webhooks_configs`

Optional:

- `google_chat` (Boolean) Google Chat webhooks require special handling, set this to true if the webhook is for Google Chat.
- `ms_teams` (Boolean) Microsoft Teams webhooks require special handling, set this to true if the webhook is for Microsoft Teams.
- `send_resolved` (Boolean) Whether to notify about resolved alerts.
- `url` (String, Sensitive) The endpoint to send HTTP POST requests to. Must be a valid URL



<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.route`

Required:

- `receiver` (String) The name of the receiver to route the alerts to.

Optional:

- `group_by` (List of String) The labels by which incoming alerts are grouped together. For example, multiple alerts coming in for cluster=A and alertname=LatencyHigh would be batched into a single group. To aggregate by all possible labels use the special value '...' as the sole label name, for example: group_by: ['...']. This effectively disables aggregation entirely, passing through all alerts as-is. This is unlikely to be what you want, unless you have a very low alert volume or your upstream notification system performs its own grouping.
- `group_interval` (String) How long to wait before sending a notification about new alerts that are added to a group of alerts for which an initial notification has already been sent. (Usually ~5m or more.)
- `group_wait` (String) How long to initially wait to send a notification for a group of alerts. Allows to wait for an inhibiting alert to arrive or collect more initial alerts for the same group. (Usually ~0s to few minutes.)
- `repeat_interval` (String) How long to wait before sending a notification again if it has already been sent successfully for an alert. (Usually ~3h or more).
- `routes` (Attributes List) List of child routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alert_config--route--routes))

<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--route--routes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.route.routes`

Required:

- `receiver` (String) The name of the receiver to route the alerts to.

Optional:

- `continue` (Boolean) Whether an alert should continue matching subsequent sibling nodes.
- `group_by` (List of String) The labels by which incoming alerts are grouped together. For example, multiple alerts coming in for cluster=A and alertname=LatencyHigh would be batched into a single group. To aggregate by all possible labels use the special value '...' as the sole label name, for example: group_by: ['...']. This effectively disables aggregation entirely, passing through all alerts as-is. This is unlikely to be what you want, unless you have a very low alert volume or your upstream notification system performs its own grouping.
- `group_interval` (String) How long to wait before sending a notification about new alerts that are added to a group of alerts for which an initial notification has already been sent. (Usually ~5m or more.)
- `group_wait` (String) How long to initially wait to send a notification for a group of alerts. Allows to wait for an inhibiting alert to arrive or collect more initial alerts for the same group. (Usually ~0s to few minutes.)
- `match` (Map of String, Deprecated) A set of equality matchers an alert has to fulfill to match the node. This field is deprecated and will be removed after 10th March 2026, use `matchers` in the `routes` instead
- `match_regex` (Map of String, Deprecated) A set of regex-matchers an alert has to fulfill to match the node. This field is deprecated and will be removed after 10th March 2026, use `matchers` in the `routes` instead
- `matchers` (List of String) A list of matchers that an alert has to fulfill to match the node. A matcher is a string with a syntax inspired by PromQL and OpenMetrics.
- `repeat_interval` (String) How long to wait before sending a notification again if it has already been sent successfully for an alert. (Usually ~3h or more).



<a id="nestedatt--alert_config--global"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_config.global`

Optional:

- `opsgenie_api_key` (String, Sensitive) The API key for OpsGenie.
- `opsgenie_api_url` (String) The host to send OpsGenie API requests to. Must be a valid URL
- `resolve_timeout` (String) The default value used by alertmanager if the alert does not include EndsAt. After this time passes, it can declare the alert as resolved if it has not been updated. This has no impact on alerts from Prometheus, as they always include EndsAt.
- `smtp_auth_identity` (String) SMTP authentication information. Must be a valid email address
- `smtp_auth_password` (String, Sensitive) SMTP Auth using LOGIN and PLAIN.
- `smtp_auth_username` (String) SMTP Auth using CRAM-MD5, LOGIN and PLAIN. If empty, Alertmanager doesn't authenticate to the SMTP server.
- `smtp_from` (String) The default SMTP From header field. Must be a valid email address
- `smtp_smart_host` (String) The default SMTP smarthost used for sending emails, including port number in format `host:port` (eg. `smtp.example.com:587`). Port number usually is 25, or 587 for SMTP over TLS (sometimes referred to as STARTTLS).
