---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_opensearch_instance Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  OpenSearch instance resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_opensearch_instance (Resource)

OpenSearch instance resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_opensearch_instance" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example-instance"
  version    = "2"
  plan_name  = "stackit-opensearch-1.2.10-replica"
  parameters = {
    sgw_acl = "193.148.160.0/19,45.129.40.0/21,45.135.244.0/22"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Instance name.
- `plan_name` (String) The selected plan name.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.
- `version` (String) The service version.

### Optional

- `parameters` (Attributes) Configuration parameters. Please note that removing a previously configured field from your Terraform configuration won't replace its value in the API. To update a previously configured field, explicitly set a new value for it. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `cf_guid` (String)
- `cf_organization_guid` (String)
- `cf_space_guid` (String)
- `dashboard_url` (String)
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`instance_id`".
- `image_url` (String)
- `instance_id` (String) ID of the OpenSearch instance.
- `plan_id` (String) The selected plan ID.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `enable_monitoring` (Boolean) Enable monitoring.
- `graphite` (String) If set, monitoring with Graphite will be enabled. Expects the host and port where the Graphite metrics should be sent to (host:port).
- `java_garbage_collector` (String) The garbage collector to use for OpenSearch.
- `java_heapspace` (Number) The amount of memory (in MB) allocated as heap by the JVM for OpenSearch.
- `java_maxmetaspace` (Number) The amount of memory (in MB) used by the JVM to store metadata for OpenSearch.
- `max_disk_threshold` (Number) The maximum disk threshold in MB. If the disk usage exceeds this threshold, the instance will be stopped.
- `metrics_frequency` (Number) The frequency in seconds at which metrics are emitted (in seconds).
- `metrics_prefix` (String) The prefix for the metrics. Could be useful when using Graphite monitoring to prefix the metrics with a certain value, like an API key.
- `monitoring_instance_id` (String) The ID of the STACKIT monitoring instance.
- `plugins` (List of String) List of plugins to install. Must be a supported plugin name. The plugins `repository-s3` and `repository-azure` are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
- `sgw_acl` (String) Comma separated list of IP networks in CIDR notation which are allowed to access this instance.
- `syslog` (List of String) List of syslog servers to send logs to.
- `tls_ciphers` (List of String) List of TLS ciphers to use.
- `tls_protocols` (List of String) The TLS protocol to use.
