---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackitprivatepreview_postgresflexalpha_instance Resource - stackitprivatepreview"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# stackitprivatepreview_postgresflexalpha_instance (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackitprivatepreview_postgresflexalpha_instance" "example" {
  project_id      = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name            = "example-instance"
  acl             = ["XXX.XXX.XXX.X/XX", "XX.XXX.XX.X/XX"]
  backup_schedule = "00 00 * * *"
  flavor = {
    cpu = 2
    ram = 4
  }
  replicas = 3
  storage = {
    class = "class"
    size  = 5
  }
  version = 14
}

# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing postgresflex instance
import {
  to = stackitprivatepreview_postgresflexalpha_instance.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.region},${var.postgres_instance_id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backup_schedule` (String) The schedule for on what time and how often the database backup will be created. The schedule is written as a cron schedule.
- `flavor_id` (String) The id of the instance flavor.
- `name` (String) The name of the instance.
- `network` (Attributes) The access configuration of the instance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `replicas` (Number) How many replicas the instance should have.
- `retention_days` (Number) How long backups are retained. The value can only be between 32 and 365 days.
- `storage` (Attributes) The object containing information about the storage size and class. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))
- `version` (String) The Postgres version used for the instance. See [Versions Endpoint](/documentation/postgres-flex-service/version/v3alpha1#tag/Version) for supported version parameters.

### Optional

- `encryption` (Attributes) The configuration for instance's volume and backup storage encryption.

⚠️ **Note:** This feature is in private preview. Supplying this object is only permitted for enabled accounts. If your account does not have access, the request will be rejected. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption))
- `instance_id` (String) The ID of the instance.
- `project_id` (String) The STACKIT project ID.
- `region` (String) The region which should be addressed

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the instance.
- `is_deletable` (Boolean) Whether the instance can be deleted or not.
- `status` (String) The current status of the instance.

<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Required:

- `acl` (List of String) List of IPV4 cidr.

Optional:

- `access_scope` (String) The access scope of the instance. It defines if the instance is public or airgapped.
- `instance_address` (String)
- `router_address` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- `performance_class` (String) The storage class for the storage.
- `size` (Number) The storage size in Gigabytes.


<a id="nestedatt--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption`

Required:

- `kek_key_id` (String) The encryption-key key identifier
- `kek_key_ring_id` (String) The encryption-key keyring identifier
- `kek_key_version` (String) The encryption-key version
- `service_account` (String)
