---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_postgresflex_instance Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Postgres Flex instance resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_postgresflex_instance (Resource)

Postgres Flex instance resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_postgresflex_instance" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example-instance"
  network = {
    acl = ["XXX.XXX.XXX.X/XX", "XX.XXX.XX.X/XX"]
  }
  backup_schedule = "0 0 * * *"
  flavor_id       = "4.8-replica"
  storage = {
    class = "premium-perf2-stackit"
    size  = 5
  }
  version = "14"
  retention_days = 32
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `backup_schedule` (String) The schedule for on what time and how often the database backup will be created. Must be a valid cron expression using numeric minute and hour values, e.g: '0 2 * * *'.
- `name` (String) Instance name.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.
- `storage` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--storage))
- `version` (String)

### Optional

- `acl` (List of String, Deprecated) The Access Control List (ACL) for the PostgresFlex instance.
- `encryption` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption))
- `flavor` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--flavor))
- `flavor_id` (String) The flavor ID of the PostgreSQL Flex instance. Can only be set when `flavor` and `replicas` are not set. You can list available storage classes using the [STACKIT CLI](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-cli):
```bash
stackit postgresflex options --flavors
```
- `network` (Attributes) The network configuration of the instance. Will be required after February 2027. Set a value to prevent breaking changes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.
- `replicas` (Number) How many replicas the instance should have. Valid values are 1 for single mode or 3 for replication. Can only be set together with `flavor`
- `retention_days` (Number) How long backups are retained. The value can only be between 32 and 90 days. Will be required after February 2027. Set a value to prevent breaking changes.

### Read-Only

- `connection_info` (Attributes) The connection info for the PostgresFlex instance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_info))
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`instance_id`".
- `instance_id` (String) ID of the PostgresFlex instance.

<a id="nestedatt--storage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `storage`

Required:

- `class` (String) The storage class. You can list available storage classes using the [STACKIT CLI](https://github.com/stackitcloud/stackit-cli):
```bash
stackit postgresflex options --storages --flavor-id FLAVOR_ID
```
- `size` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--encryption"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption`

Required:

- `kek_key_id` (String) The ID of the Key within the STACKIT-KMS to use for the encryption.
- `kek_key_ring_id` (String) The ID of the keyring where the key is located within the STACKTI-KMS.
- `kek_key_version` (String) Version of the key within the STACKIT-KMS to use for the encryption.
- `service_account` (String) Service-Account linked to the Key within the STACKIT-KMS.


<a id="nestedatt--flavor"></a>
### Nested Schema for `flavor`

Required:

- `cpu` (Number)
- `ram` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `node_type` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Optional:

- `access_scope` (String) The network access scope of the instance. This feature is in private preview. Supplying this object is only permitted for enabled accounts. If your account does not have access, the request will be rejected. Possible values are: `PUBLIC`, `SNA`.
- `acl` (List of String) The Access Control List (ACL) for the PostgresFlex instance.

Read-Only:

- `instance_address` (String)
- `router_address` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--connection_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_info`

Read-Only:

- `write` (Attributes) The DNS name and port in the instance overview. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--connection_info--write))

<a id="nestedatt--connection_info--write"></a>
### Nested Schema for `connection_info.write`

Read-Only:

- `host` (String) The host of the instance.
- `port` (Number) The port of the instance.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [` + "`" + `import` + "`" + ` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the ` + "`" + `id` + "`" + ` attribute, for example:

```terraform
# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing postgresflex instance
import {
  to = stackit_postgresflex_instance.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.region},${var.postgres_instance_id}"
}
```
