---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_redis_instance Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Redis instance resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_redis_instance (Resource)

Redis instance resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_redis_instance" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "example-instance"
  version    = "10"
  plan_name  = "example-plan-name"
  parameters = {
    sgw_acl                 = "x.x.x.x/x,y.y.y.y/y"
    enable_monitoring       = false
    down_after_milliseconds = 30000
    syslog                  = ["syslog.example.com:514"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Instance name.
- `plan_name` (String) The selected plan name.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the instance is associated.
- `version` (String) The service version.

### Optional

- `parameters` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parameters))

### Read-Only

- `cf_guid` (String)
- `cf_organization_guid` (String)
- `cf_space_guid` (String)
- `dashboard_url` (String)
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`instance_id`".
- `image_url` (String)
- `instance_id` (String) ID of the Redis instance.
- `plan_id` (String) The selected plan ID.

<a id="nestedatt--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parameters`

Optional:

- `down_after_milliseconds` (Number) The number of milliseconds after which the instance is considered down.
- `enable_monitoring` (Boolean) Enable monitoring.
- `failover_timeout` (Number) The failover timeout in milliseconds.
- `graphite` (String) Graphite server URL (host and port). If set, monitoring with Graphite will be enabled.
- `lazyfree_lazy_eviction` (String) The lazy eviction enablement (yes or no).
- `lazyfree_lazy_expire` (String) The lazy expire enablement (yes or no).
- `lua_time_limit` (Number) The Lua time limit.
- `max_disk_threshold` (Number) The maximum disk threshold in MB. If the disk usage exceeds this threshold, the instance will be stopped.
- `maxclients` (Number) The maximum number of clients.
- `maxmemory_policy` (String) The policy to handle the maximum memory (volatile-lru, noeviction, etc).
- `maxmemory_samples` (Number) The maximum memory samples.
- `metrics_frequency` (Number) The frequency in seconds at which metrics are emitted.
- `metrics_prefix` (String) The prefix for the metrics. Could be useful when using Graphite monitoring to prefix the metrics with a certain value, like an API key
- `min_replicas_max_lag` (Number) The minimum replicas maximum lag.
- `monitoring_instance_id` (String) The monitoring instance ID.
- `notify_keyspace_events` (String) The notify keyspace events.
- `sgw_acl` (String) Comma separated list of IP networks in CIDR notation which are allowed to access this instance.
- `snapshot` (String) The snapshot configuration.
- `syslog` (List of String) List of syslog servers to send logs to.
- `tls_ciphers` (List of String) List of TLS ciphers to use.
- `tls_ciphersuites` (String) TLS cipher suites to use.
- `tls_protocols` (String) TLS protocol to use.
