---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_resourcemanager_project Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource Manager project resource schema. To use this resource, it is required that you set the service account email in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_resourcemanager_project (Resource)

Resource Manager project resource schema. To use this resource, it is required that you set the service account email in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_resourcemanager_project" "example" {
  parent_container_id = "example-parent-container-abc123"
  name                = "example-container"
  labels = {
    "Label 1" = "foo"
    // "networkArea" = stackit_network_area.foo.network_area_id
  }
  owner_email = "john.doe@stackit.cloud"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Project name.
- `owner_email` (String) Email address of the owner of the project. This value is only considered during creation. Changing it afterwards will have no effect.
- `parent_container_id` (String) Parent resource identifier. Both container ID (user-friendly) and UUID are supported

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container. A label key must match the regex [A-ZÄÜÖa-zäüöß0-9_-]{1,64}. A label value must match the regex ^$|[A-ZÄÜÖa-zäüöß0-9_-]{1,64}. To add a project to a STACKIT Network Area, setting the label `networkArea=<networkAreaID>` is required.
- `members` (Attributes List, Deprecated) The members assigned to the project. At least one subject needs to be a user, and not a client or service account. This value is only considered during creation. Changing it afterwards will have no effect.

!> The "members" field has been deprecated in favor of the "owner_email" field. Please use the "owner_email" field to assign the owner role to a user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--members))

### Read-Only

- `container_id` (String) Project container ID. Globally unique, user-friendly identifier.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`container_id`".
- `project_id` (String) Project UUID identifier. This is the ID that can be used in most of the other resources to identify the project.

<a id="nestedatt--members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `members`

Required:

- `role` (String) The role of the member in the project. Possible values include, but are not limited to: `owner`, `editor`, `reader`. Legacy roles (`project.admin`, `project.auditor`, `project.member`, `project.owner`) are not supported.
- `subject` (String) Unique identifier of the user, service account or client. This is usually the email address for users or service accounts, and the name in case of clients.
