---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_routing_table_route Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Routing table route resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our guide https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources for how to opt-in to use beta resources.
---

# stackit_routing_table_route (Resource)

Routing table route resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our [guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources) for how to opt-in to use beta resources.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination` (Attributes) Destination of the route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `network_area_id` (String) The network area ID to which the routing table is associated.
- `next_hop` (Attributes) Next hop destination. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--next_hop))
- `organization_id` (String) STACKIT organization ID to which the routing table is associated.
- `routing_table_id` (String) The routing tables ID.

### Optional

- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`organization_id`,`region`,`network_area_id`,`routing_table_id`,`route_id`".
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `route_id` (String) The ID of the route.

<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Required:

- `type` (String) CIDRV type. Possible values are: `cidrv4`, `cidrv6`.
- `value` (String) An CIDR string.


<a id="nestedatt--next_hop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `next_hop`

Required:

- `type` (String) Possible values are: `blackhole`, `internet`, `ipv4`, `ipv6`.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Either IPv4 or IPv6 (not set for blackhole and internet).
