---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_server Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Server resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our guide https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources for how to opt-in to use beta resources.
---

# stackit_server (Resource)

Server resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> This resource is in beta and may be subject to breaking changes in the future. Use with caution. See our [guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/stackitcloud/stackit/latest/docs/guides/opting_into_beta_resources) for how to opt-in to use beta resources.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_server" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name       = "my_server"
  boot_volume = {
    size        = 64
    source_type = "image"
    source_id   = "IMAGE_ID"
  }
  initial_networking = {
    network_id         = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
    security_group_ids = ["xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"]
  }
  availability_zone = "eu01-1"
  labels = {
    "key" = "value"
  }
  machine_type = "t1.1"
  keypair_name = "my_key_pair_name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `machine_type` (String) Name of the type of the machine for the server. Possible values are documented in [Virtual machine flavors](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/virtual-machine-flavors-75137231.html)
- `name` (String) The name of the server.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the server is associated.

### Optional

- `availability_zone` (String) The availability zone of the server.
- `boot_volume` (Attributes) The boot volume for the server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--boot_volume))
- `image_id` (String) The image ID to be used for an ephemeral disk on the server.
- `initial_networking` (Attributes) The initial networking setup for the server. A network ID or a list of network interfaces IDs can be provided (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--initial_networking))
- `keypair_name` (String) The name of the keypair used during server creation.
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `server_group` (String) The server group the server is assigned to.
- `user_data` (String) User data that is passed via cloud-init to the server.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) Date-time when the server was created
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`server_id`".
- `launched_at` (String) Date-time when the server was launched
- `server_id` (String) The server ID.
- `updated_at` (String) Date-time when the server was updated

<a id="nestedatt--boot_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_volume`

Required:

- `source_id` (String) The ID of the source, either image ID or volume ID
- `source_type` (String) The type of the source. Supported values are: `volume`, `image`.

Optional:

- `performance_class` (String) The performance class of the server.
- `size` (Number) The size of the boot volume in GB. Must be provided when `source_type` is `image`.


<a id="nestedatt--initial_networking"></a>
### Nested Schema for `initial_networking`

Optional:

- `network_id` (String) The network ID
- `network_interface_ids` (List of String) List of network interface IDs
- `security_group_ids` (List of String) List of security groups the initial network is assigned to
