---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_ske_cluster Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  SKE Cluster Resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  -> When updating node_pools of a stackit_ske_cluster, the Terraform plan might appear incorrect as it matches the node pools by index rather than by name. However, the SKE API correctly identifies node pools by name and applies the intended changes. Please review your changes carefully to ensure the correct configuration will be applied.
---

# stackit_ske_cluster (Resource)

SKE Cluster Resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

-> When updating `node_pools` of a `stackit_ske_cluster`, the Terraform plan might appear incorrect as it matches the node pools by index rather than by name. However, the SKE API correctly identifies node pools by name and applies the intended changes. Please review your changes carefully to ensure the correct configuration will be applied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_ske_cluster" "example" {
  project_id         = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name               = "example"
  kubernetes_version = "x.x"
  node_pools = [
    {
      name               = "np-example"
      machine_type       = "x.x"
      os_version         = "x.x.x"
      minimum            = "2"
      maximum            = "3"
      availability_zones = ["eu01-3"]
    }
  ]
  maintenance = {
    enable_kubernetes_version_updates    = true
    enable_machine_image_version_updates = true
    start                                = "01:00:00Z"
    end                                  = "02:00:00Z"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The cluster name.
- `node_pools` (Attributes List) One or more `node_pool` block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools))
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the cluster is associated.

### Optional

- `allow_privileged_containers` (Boolean) Flag to specify if privileged mode for containers is enabled or not.
This should be used with care since it also disables a couple of other features like the use of some volume type (e.g. PVCs).
Deprecated as of Kubernetes 1.25 and later
- `extensions` (Attributes) A single extensions block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions))
- `hibernations` (Attributes List) One or more hibernation block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--hibernations))
- `kubernetes_version` (String, Deprecated) Kubernetes version. Must only contain major and minor version (e.g. 1.22). This field is deprecated, use `kubernetes_version_min instead`
- `kubernetes_version_min` (String) The minimum Kubernetes version. This field will be used to set the minimum kubernetes version on creation/update of the cluster. If unset, the latest supported Kubernetes version will be used. SKE automatically updates the cluster Kubernetes version if you have set `maintenance.enable_kubernetes_version_updates` to true or if there is a mandatory update, as described in [Updates for Kubernetes versions and Operating System versions in SKE](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/version-updates-in-ske-10125631.html). To get the current kubernetes version being used for your cluster, use the read-only `kubernetes_version_used` field.
- `maintenance` (Attributes) A single maintenance block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance))
- `network` (Attributes) Network block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`name`".
- `kube_config` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) Static token kubeconfig used for connecting to the cluster. This field will be empty for clusters with Kubernetes v1.27+, or if you have obtained the kubeconfig or performed credentials rotation using the new process, either through the Portal or the SKE API. Use the stackit_ske_kubeconfig resource instead. For more information, see [How to rotate SKE credentials](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/how-to-rotate-ske-credentials-200016334.html).
- `kubernetes_version_used` (String) Full Kubernetes version used. For example, if 1.22 was set in `kubernetes_version_min`, this value may result to 1.22.15. SKE automatically updates the cluster Kubernetes version if you have set `maintenance.enable_kubernetes_version_updates` to true or if there is a mandatory update, as described in [Updates for Kubernetes versions and Operating System versions in SKE](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/version-updates-in-ske-10125631.html).

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools`

Required:

- `availability_zones` (List of String) Specify a list of availability zones. E.g. `eu01-m`
- `machine_type` (String) The machine type.
- `maximum` (Number) Maximum number of nodes in the pool.
- `minimum` (Number) Minimum number of nodes in the pool.
- `name` (String) Specifies the name of the node pool.

Optional:

- `cri` (String) Specifies the container runtime. Defaults to `containerd`
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels to add to each node.
- `max_surge` (Number) Maximum number of additional VMs that are created during an update.
- `max_unavailable` (Number) Maximum number of VMs that that can be unavailable during an update.
- `os_name` (String) The name of the OS image. Defaults to `flatcar`.
- `os_version` (String, Deprecated) This field is deprecated, use `os_version_min` to configure the version and `os_version_used` to get the currently used version instead.
- `os_version_min` (String) The minimum OS image version. This field will be used to set the minimum OS image version on creation/update of the cluster. If unset, the latest supported OS image version will be used. SKE automatically updates the cluster Kubernetes version if you have set `maintenance.enable_kubernetes_version_updates` to true or if there is a mandatory update, as described in [Updates for Kubernetes versions and Operating System versions in SKE](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/version-updates-in-ske-10125631.html). To get the current OS image version being used for the node pool, use the read-only `os_version_used` field.
- `taints` (Attributes List) Specifies a taint list as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--node_pools--taints))
- `volume_size` (Number) The volume size in GB. Defaults to `20`
- `volume_type` (String) Specifies the volume type. Defaults to `storage_premium_perf1`.

Read-Only:

- `os_version_used` (String) Full OS image version used. For example, if 3815.2 was set in `os_version_min`, this value may result to 3815.2.2. SKE automatically updates the cluster Kubernetes version if you have set `maintenance.enable_kubernetes_version_updates` to true or if there is a mandatory update, as described in [Updates for Kubernetes versions and Operating System versions in SKE](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/version-updates-in-ske-10125631.html).

<a id="nestedatt--node_pools--taints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `node_pools.taints`

Required:

- `effect` (String) The taint effect. E.g `PreferNoSchedule`.
- `key` (String) Taint key to be applied to a node.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Taint value corresponding to the taint key.



<a id="nestedatt--extensions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions`

Optional:

- `acl` (Attributes) Cluster access control configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--acl))
- `argus` (Attributes) A single argus block as defined below. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--argus))

Read-Only:

- `dns` (Attributes) DNS extension configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--extensions--dns))

<a id="nestedatt--extensions--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.acl`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Is ACL enabled?

Optional:

- `allowed_cidrs` (List of String) Specify a list of CIDRs to whitelist.


<a id="nestedatt--extensions--argus"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.argus`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable Argus extensions.

Optional:

- `argus_instance_id` (String) Argus instance ID to choose which Argus instance is used. Required when enabled is set to `true`.


<a id="nestedatt--extensions--dns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `extensions.dns`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable DNS extensions
- `zones` (List of String) Specify a list of domain filters for externalDNS (e.g., `foo.runs.onstackit.cloud`)



<a id="nestedatt--hibernations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `hibernations`

Required:

- `end` (String) End time of hibernation in crontab syntax. E.g. `0 8 * * *` for waking up the cluster at 8am.
- `start` (String) Start time of cluster hibernation in crontab syntax. E.g. `0 18 * * *` for starting everyday at 6pm.

Optional:

- `timezone` (String) Timezone name corresponding to a file in the IANA Time Zone database. i.e. `Europe/Berlin`.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance`

Required:

- `end` (String) Time for maintenance window end. E.g. `01:23:45Z`, `05:00:00+02:00`.
- `start` (String) Time for maintenance window start. E.g. `01:23:45Z`, `05:00:00+02:00`.

Optional:

- `enable_kubernetes_version_updates` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable auto-updates of the Kubernetes version. Defaults to `true`. SKE automatically updates the cluster Kubernetes version if you have set `maintenance.enable_kubernetes_version_updates` to true or if there is a mandatory update, as described in [Updates for Kubernetes versions and Operating System versions in SKE](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/version-updates-in-ske-10125631.html).
- `enable_machine_image_version_updates` (Boolean) Flag to enable/disable auto-updates of the OS image version. Defaults to `true`. SKE automatically updates the cluster Kubernetes version if you have set `maintenance.enable_kubernetes_version_updates` to true or if there is a mandatory update, as described in [Updates for Kubernetes versions and Operating System versions in SKE](https://docs.stackit.cloud/stackit/en/version-updates-in-ske-10125631.html).


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of the STACKIT Network Area (SNA) network into which the cluster will be deployed.
