---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_volume Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Volume resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
---

# stackit_volume (Resource)

Volume resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_volume" "example" {
  project_id        = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  name              = "my_volume"
  availability_zone = "eu01-1"
  size              = 64
  labels = {
    "key" = "value"
  }
}

# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing volume
import {
  to = stackit_volume.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.region},${var.volume_id}"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `availability_zone` (String) The availability zone of the volume.
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the volume is associated.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the volume.
- `encryption_parameters` (Attributes) Parameter to connect to a key-encryption-key within the STACKIT-KMS to create encrypted volumes. These parameters never leave the backend again. So these parameters are not present on imports or in the datasource. They live only in your Terraform state after creation of the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--encryption_parameters))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `name` (String) The name of the volume.
- `performance_class` (String) The performance class of the volume. Possible values are documented in [Service plans BlockStorage](https://docs.stackit.cloud/products/storage/block-storage/basics/service-plans/#currently-available-service-plans-performance-classes)
- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.
- `size` (Number) The size of the volume in GB. It can only be updated to a larger value than the current size. Either `size` or `source` must be provided
- `source` (Attributes) The source of the volume. It can be either a volume, an image, a snapshot or a backup. Either `size` or `source` must be provided (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--source))

### Read-Only

- `encrypted` (Boolean) Indicates if the volume is encrypted.
- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`region`,`volume_id`".
- `server_id` (String) The server ID of the server to which the volume is attached to.
- `volume_id` (String) The volume ID.

<a id="nestedatt--encryption_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `encryption_parameters`

Required:

- `kek_key_id` (String) UUID of the key within the STACKIT-KMS to use for the encryption.
- `kek_key_version` (Number) Version of the key within the STACKIT-KMS to use for the encryption.
- `kek_keyring_id` (String) UUID of the keyring where the key is located within the STACKTI-KMS.
- `service_account` (String) Service-Account linked to the Key within the STACKIT-KMS.

Optional:

- `key_payload_base64` (String, Sensitive) Optional predefined secret, which will be encrypted against the key-encryption-key within the STACKIT-KMS. If not defined, a random secret will be generated by the API and encrypted against the STACKIT-KMS. If a key-payload is provided here, it must be base64 encoded.


<a id="nestedatt--source"></a>
### Nested Schema for `source`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of the source, e.g. image ID
- `type` (String) The type of the source. Possible values are: `volume`, `image`, `snapshot`, `backup`.
