---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_vpc_routing_table_static_route Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VPC Routing table static route resource schema. Must have a region specified in the provider configuration.
  ~> This resource is part of the vpc experiment and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.
---

# stackit_vpc_routing_table_static_route (Resource)

VPC Routing table static route resource schema. Must have a `region` specified in the provider configuration.

~> This resource is part of the vpc experiment and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_vpc_routing_table_static_route" "example" {
  project_id       = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  vpc_id           = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  routing_table_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  destination = {
    type  = "cidrv4"
    value = "192.168.0.0/24"
  }
  nexthop = {
    type  = "ipv4"
    value = "10.0.0.8"
  }
  labels = {
    "key" = "value"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `destination` (Attributes) The destination of the static route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination))
- `nexthop` (Attributes) The nexthop of the static route. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nexthop))
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT Project ID to which the static route is associated.
- `routing_table_id` (String) The routing table ID to which the static route is associated.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID to which the static route is associated.

### Optional

- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `region` (String) The region of the static route.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`,`vpc_id`,`region`,`routing_table_id`,`route_id`".
- `route_id` (String) The static route ID.

<a id="nestedatt--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Required:

- `type` (String) CIDR type. Possible values are: `cidrv4`, `cidrv6`. Currently cidrv6 is unsupported.
- `value` (String) CIDR value.


<a id="nestedatt--nexthop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nexthop`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the nexthop. Possible values are: `blackhole`, `internet`, `ipv4`, `ipv6`. Currently ipv6 is unsupported.

Optional:

- `value` (String) Value of the nexthop


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [` + "`" + `import` + "`" + ` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the ` + "`" + `id` + "`" + ` attribute, for example:

```terraform
# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing static route
import {
  to = stackit_vpc_routing_table_static_route.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.vpc_id},${var.region},${var.routing_table_id},${var.route_id}"
}
```
