---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_vpc_region Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VPC region resource schema
  ~> This resource is part of the experimental feature vpc and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.
---

# stackit_vpc_region (Resource)

VPC region resource schema

~> This resource is part of the experimental feature vpc and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_vpc_region" "example" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  vpc_id     = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  region     = "eu01"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the VPC region is associated.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID to which the VPC region is associated.

### Optional

- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource ID. It is structured as "`project_id`, `vpc_id`, `region`".

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [` + "`" + `import` + "`" + ` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the ` + "`" + `id` + "`" + ` attribute, for example:

```terraform
# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing region
import {
  to = stackit_vpc_region.import-example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.vpc_id},${var_region}"
}
```
