---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "stackit_vpc_network_range Resource - stackit"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VPC network range resource schema
  ~> This resource is part of the experimental feature vpc and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.
---

# stackit_vpc_network_range (Resource)

VPC network range resource schema

~> This resource is part of the experimental feature vpc and is likely going to undergo significant changes or be removed in the future. Use it at your own discretion.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "stackit_vpc_region" "region" {
  project_id = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  vpc_id     = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
}

resource "stackit_vpc_network_range" "example" {
  # Network range can only be created after the VPC is enabled for the region
  depends_on = [stackit_vpc_region.region]

  project_id  = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"
  vpc_id      = stackit_vpc_region.region.vpc_id
  ip_version  = "ipv4"
  prefix      = "192.168.0.0/24"
  description = "my vpc network range"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `description` (String) Description of the VPC network range
- `ip_version` (String) IP version of the VPC network range. Possible values are: `ipv4`.
- `prefix` (String) The IP prefix for the VPC network range
- `project_id` (String) STACKIT project ID to which the VPC network range is associated.
- `vpc_id` (String) The VPC ID to which the VPC network range is associated.

### Optional

- `default_prefix_length` (Number) Default prefix length for the VPC network range
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels are key-value string pairs which can be attached to a resource container
- `max_prefix_length` (Number) Maximum prefix length for the VPC network range
- `min_prefix_length` (Number) Minimum prefix length for the VPC network range
- `nameservers` (List of String) List of nameservers for the VPC network range
- `region` (String) The resource region. If not defined, the provider region is used.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Terraform's internal resource identifier. It is structured as "`project_id`,`vpc_id`,`region`,`network_range_id`".
- `network_range_id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `read` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Read operations occur during any refresh or planning operation when refresh is enabled.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

In Terraform v1.5.0 and later, the [` + "`" + `import` + "`" + ` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import) can be used with the ` + "`" + `id` + "`" + ` attribute, for example:

```terraform
# Only use the import statement, if you want to import an existing dns zone
import {
  to = stackit_vpc_network_range.example
  id = "${var.project_id},${var.vpc_id},${var.region},${var.vpc_network_range_id}"
}
```
